Whassup!Whassup.What?Just clearing my desk. I can't concentrate.It's overlapping. It's all spilling over the edge. One word, two syllables. Demarcation.You can't do that.Safety violation. I could fall and pierce an organ.Downsizing?Downsizing? I have no problem with that. I have been recommending downsizing since I first got here. I even brought it up in my interview. I say, bring it on.I'm Assistant Regional Manager. I should know first.OK, um, can you just tell me please? Just tell me quietly. Can you whisper it in my ear?Please, OK? Do you want me to tell 'em?OK. You tell 'em. With my permission. Permission granted.Go ahead.On his mother's grave.Pam, information is power.Dwight Schrute, Assistant Regional Manager.Uh... yeah I got a '78 280Z. Bought it for $1,200. Fixed it up. It's now worth three grand.New engine, new suspension, I got a respray. I've got some photos.Damn it! Jim!He put my stuff in Jell-O again.That's real professional thanks. That's the third time and it wasn't funny the first two times either Jim.It's OK here, but people sometimes take advantage because it's so relaxed. I'm a volunteer Sheriff's Deputy on the weekends. And you cannot screw around there. That's sort of one of the rules.That is my stapler.OK you know what, you can be a witness.  Can you reprimand him?It's always you. Are you going to discipline him or not?Yeah.OK, that's great. I guess what I'm most concerned with is damage to company property. That's all.Yes I do. I should have done it weeks ago actually.Retaliation. Tit for tit.Well, it should be.I have two. White and Indian.A few of the ground rules?OK, can we steer away from gay people?I'm sorry. It's an orientation. It's not a race. Plus a lot of other races are intolerant of gays, so...paradox.I figured it would save time.Excuse me, I'm sorry, but that's not all it takes to be a hero.A hero kills people, people that wish him harm.A hero is part-human and part-supernatural. A hero is born out of a childhood trauma, or out of a disaster that must be avenged.We all have a hero in our heart.Lots of cultures eat rice, doesn't help me.Um... Shalom. I'd like to apply for a loan.OK, do me. Something stereotypical so I can get it really quick.Outback steakhouse.  I'm Australian, mate!Oh, man, am I a woman?Yes. I can do it. I'm your man.OK, first, let's go over some parameters. How many people can I fire?OK, we'll table that for the time being. Two, I'll need an office. I think the conference room should be fine.Bigger than his.OK, I take it back, it's a workspace.Thank you.What did I do? I did my job. I slashed benefits to the bone. I saved this company money. Was I too harsh? Maybe. I don't believe in coddling people.In the wild, there is no health care. In the wild, health care is, "Ow, I hurt my leg. I can't run. A lion eats me and I'm dead." Well, I'm not dead. I'm the lion. You're dead.Uh, knock, please. Please knock. This is an office.Same thing.Just knock, Please? As a sign of respect for your superior.Oh gee, then why do I have an office?Yes. And my decision in final.Aww, times are tough, Pam. Deal with it.Sure.Don't need it. Never been sick. Perfect immune system.I don't need them. Superior genes. I'm a Schrute. And superior brain power. Through concentration, I can raise and lower my cholesterol at will.So I can lower it.It's a great plan. It saves the company a fortune.Yeah, you said...I can handle that.OK, everyone. Gather round. Step forward. It has been brought to my attention that some of you are unhappy with my plan. So what I'd like you to do is to fill this out and write down any diseases you have that you might want covered and I'll see what I can do.OK, well, I didn't say to write your name down, did I? Fill it out, leave it anonymous. Or, don't write any disease down at all and it won't be covered. Sound fair? Good. I'll be in my office.Damnit! Damnit Jim!All right, who did this? I'm not mad. I just want to know who did it so I can punish them.Uh, someone forged, uh, medical information and that is a felony.Uh, leprosy? Flesh eating bacteria. Hot-dog fingers. Government-created killer nanorobot infection.You did this, didn't you?Yes you did.I know it was you. Fine. You know what? I'll have to interview each and every one of you until the perpetrator makes him or herself known. And until that time, there will be no health care coverage for any one!The problem, Jim, is that people who are really suffering from a medical condition won't receive the care they need, because someone in this office is coming up with all this ridiculous stuff.  "Count Choculitis"Why did you write that down Jim? Is it because you know I love Count Chocula?I think you need to confess......the fact...What are you doing? Those are my keys.Jim! Damnit! No! Jim! Let me out! Jim! Let...Let me out.Let me out or you're fired.Yes I can. I'm manager for the day. Clean out your desk.Jim! Open the door!Jim!Jim!Jim!Jim!Uh, hello. Uh, this is Dwight Schrute calling for Jan Levenson-Gould.Hi. Dwight Schrute calling, acting manager, Scranton branch. Listen, I needed your permission to fire Jim Halpert.Dwight Schrute.Well...He is not here right now. He put me in charge of the office.That's not entirely true, because he put me in charge of picking the health care plan.Yeah.Call you immediately. Good. Oh, hey, listen, um, since I have you on the phone, um, can I fire Jim?Oh, this is your cell, I thought this was your...Michael. Michael?I tried being rational, OK? And what happened? The employees went crazy, I got no help from corporate. That leaves me with no options.I'm now going to read out loud your submitted medical conditions. When you hear yours read, please raise your hand to indicate that it is real. If you do not raise your hand, it will not be covered.You know what? You have forfeited that privilege. I have tried to treat you all as adults, but obviously I am the only adult here. Number one, inverted pen1s.I thought your v*g1n* was removed during your hysterectomy?OK, great. Dermatitis. Thank you Angela. I'll make sure that's covered. OK, now. Who wrote this, hysterical one? a**l fissures?Yeah, but no one here has it.I most certainly did not.Oh, um... Jan wants you to call her.Michael!?I wanted to talk to you about the downsizing?I, but if there were, I'd be protected as assistant regional manager?Yeah, so I don't have to worry?Bottom line. Do I need to be worried?It's a real shame, 'cause studies have shown that more information gets passed through water-cooler gossip than through official memos. Which puts me at a disadvantage, because I bring my own water to work.I didn't do it. What do you mean? Oh, the water cooler was brought over here for... maintenance. So what do you guys hear? What's the scuttlebutt?Hey, so listen, I was thinking that it might be a good idea if you and I formed an alliance. 'Cause of the downsizing? I think an alliance might be a good idea, you know. Help each other out.Do you want to form, an alliance, with me?Good, good. Excellent, OK. Now we need to figure out who's vulnerable and who's protected...Did you get your tickets?The g*n show.There's one other thing and this is important. Let's keep this alliance totally a secret. Don't tell anyone.Jim! Hey. Hi, Pam. Listen, could I talk to you a second about the... paper products?Did you tell Pam about the alliance?Just now.Right, that's good, good, pursue this.Mmm hmm.Done.They seem awfully chummy, don't you think?Only one way to find out.What? I believe it.I could tell, from the body language.Good, let 'em. It helps our cause.Oh, they're forming an allianceDamn it. God!God... Damn it! Why us?Jackpot.Hey, you wanted to see me?I don't think she'd be missed.Name, Meredith Palmer. Uh, personal information, divorced twice, two kids. Uh, Employer, Dunder Mifflin Paper Incorporated. Awards, multiple Dundies.She had a hysterectomy.That's where they remove the uterus.It could be kind of funny.Oh my God, we have to be there.No no, yes there is. Behind the shelves. Oh my God.I know. I know exactly what to do.I'm a deer hunter. I go all the time with my dad. One thing about deer, they have very good vision. One thing about me, I am better at hiding than they are... at vision.This is going to be perfect, OK? Centrally located. Perfect cover. I can hear and see everything.So tape it down.Look, I can breathe just fine. OK, but if it makes you feel better, I'll poke holes in the box.No, you need to go upstairs to the party so people don't notice we're both gone.Can I trust Jim? I don't know. Do I have a choice? No, frankly, I don't. Will I trust Jim? Yes. Should I trust Jim? You tell me.Oh.I have absolutely no idea.Do I feel bad about betraying Jim? Not at all. That's the game. Convince him we're in an alliance, get some information, throw him to the wolves.That's politics baby. Get what you can out of someone, then crush them. I think Jim might have learned a very valuable lesson.Michael!Michael, can I talk to you, please? Privately? In your office? I think I should be on the team.Oh, please.I apologized for that.Michael, I...I can handle that.And that's why you have an assistant regional manager.Same thing.It's close.So we need someone to work this Saturday and I think that, that should be...Jim.Gimli.Just trying to be helpful.Michael, look.  Missed it...Yes!Can I be team captain?Can I be team manager?Assistant team manager?OK, we'll see who's working this weekend then.OK, we'll be skins!What? Shirts on or off?You sure?De-fense!In your face!Yes!Here, give me that. You have to break the interior bag.s*x.Torture.Cocks in the henhouse.So am I.Doesn't matter.The purse girl hits everything on my checklist. Creamy skin. Straight teeth. Curly hair. Amazing breasts. Not for me, for my children. The Schrutes produce very thirsty babies.Hmmm... she's been talking to Michael a lot.Assistant to the Regional Manager.That's true.True. Plus I can talk to her about the origins of my last name.What's that?I don't want a purse. Purses are for girls.No.Like those?Okay, I'm just going to use the bathroom, and then I'm going...It's actually better this way.Michael could I ask you something? I wanted to ask your permission to ask out Katy. I know it's against the rules and everything. Because...Thank you, Michael. I appreciate this so much.What?Is that all it is? Just a ride home? Like a taxicab?Please. Please, I am your inferior and I'm asking you this favor. Can you promise me that it will just be a ride home?You cannot promise me, or you won't promise me?Do you love her?Hey, how's it going? Good. Can I talk to you for a second? In private?It will just take a second.Just for a minute.Please? I wanted to talk to you in private because I wanted to ask you out on a date.Ok was that no to talking to me in private, or was that no to the date?Mine are at home in a display case above my bed.So, what's the joke? You're not perfect either.So who are we laughing at?Who? Dave Barry?What is it? Who wrote it?That is defacement of company property. So you better tell me. Kelly, if you tell me, you'll be punished less.No, no, no, no......no, no, no, no, it's not what you think.No, why were you in there?!What were you doing in there?I am not.Excuse me, everyone, could I have your attention please. I just wanted to say that the women in this office are terrible. Especially the ones who wrote that stuff about Michael on the bathroom wall. Having a bathroom is a privilege. It is called a ladies room for a reason. And if you cannot behave like ladies, well then you are not going to have a bathroom.We are going to have two men's rooms.Be prepared to hold folks  From 9 am to...Nnnnno, there needs to be repercussions......for people's behavior.And it's-Yes!Best Dundies ever.Welcome to the eighth annual Dundies awards.Before we get started, a few announcements. Keep your acceptance speeches short, I have wrap it up music, and I'm not afraid to use it.  Devon!The waitress tripped on the cord.Really? We don't have any girls from HR.Yeah?Yeah!Like an AIDS test?Quick, quick, the woman is having a seizure. Grab her tongue, grab her tongue! It's okay, I'm a sheriff's deputy.Don't get into that now. We need something to cushion her head. Throw pillow? A cush-It's okay, I'm going to use my shirt.Ahh! I can't-Watch your step.Thanks, I had to, uh, check her pupils to make sure there wasn't a concussion.So the monkey does the s*x thing right here!Do you want the link because then you could forward it around?Consider it?Yes!Yeah, Meredith.Yes.Hey, Toby.You said that we could come to you if we had any questions.Where is the clitoris? On a website, it said at the crest of the labia. What does that mean? What does the female v*g1n* look like?Good. Good. And...Okay.Diversifying. Smart.And it worked. They should bring the stocks back. People'd obey the law, there'd be less troublemakers.You should go.Uh huh.You have your lawyer there?Can I be your representative?I think I should be there.I'm good. I can make sure things are up to code.Please, I'm always the guy you rely on at work.So you're taking a personal day?Please, I'll make you proud.Yes! As your representative?Same thing.I have been Michael's #2 guy for about 5 years. And we make a great team. We're like one of those classic famous teams. He's like Mozart, and I'm like Mozart's friend. No. I'm like Butch Cassidy, and Michael is like Mozart. You try and hurt Mozart; you're going to get a bullet in your head courtesy of Butch Cassidy.What kind of shocks you got on this baby?I want to put the top down.But then no one can see us.Check it out.  Terminator.Which one's yours?This is smaller than your old place.Actually, I do own property. My grandfather left me a 60 acre working beet farm. I run it with my cousin, Mose. We sell beets to local stores and restaurants. It's a nice little farm. Sometimes teenagers use it for s*x.Actually, no. We have a couple of questions, about the neighborhood.Let's go check out the master bedroom.Oh. Terrible idea.No, no, no, no, no. This is a shared wall. Neighbor throws his wife into the wall, plasma screen hits the floor. Totally smashed.Warrantees don't cover it, plus they're a rip-off.Shh Shh.Listen.  Can you hear that? Oh man. These babies are thin.What kind of mortgage did you get?Ho, thirty years.Wow, you'll be paying this off in your mid-seventies.Forget about retiring when you're 65. Hey, I've got an idea. You know that extra bedroom? If the whole girlfriend thing never happens, that's where the nurse can live.Well, this is it.Hey, look! Cool. Carpenter ants.We'll be here waiting for you.A thirty year mortgage at Michael's age essentially means that he's buying a coffin. If I were buying my coffin, I would get one with thicker walls so you couldn't hear the other dead people.Totally having fun. Can you imagine those poor saps stuck at the office today?You didn't have to...I don't even know what to say.Question. Where can I put my terrarium?It's a fish tank for snakes and lizards.Question. My grandparents left me a large number of armoires.Question. What about carpooling, who pays for the gas?Question. Can sometimes I drive your car and you drive mine?Just for fun?Question. Who is the primary on the fire insurance?Thank god. It was nice of him to offer, but I live in a nine bedroom farm house. I have my own crossbow range. It's a perfect situation for me. Although two bathrooms would have been nice, we just have the one. And it's under the porch.You know you can always refinance your mortgage. We had a 15 year on our beet farm. We paid it off early.People love beets.Everybody loves beets.Let's get this roof going.Ow.What is going on?That's my stopwatch.Silver medal.Michael's in there right now evaluating the temp. He hasn't evaluated me in years.Michael and I have a very special connection. He's like Batman, I'm like Robin. He's like the Lone Ranger, and I'm like Tonto. And it's not like there was the Lone Ranger, and Tonto, and Bonto.People!This is not a test! Move to the exits!Head towards the exits.Get up off your desks!No, panic is warranted!This is not at drill!Please, move quickly! This is a paper company, people! Step lively!This whole place is a tinder box, it is ready to blow!This is not a test! Can you leave?!DO YOU WANT TO DIE?Do you want to die? OUT!!STANLEY! Have you ever seen a burn victim?Move to the exits!We've got smoke! We've got smoke! Smoke! Gah!  Oh, Kelly! You're okay! I've got you!Cover your nose and mouth. Breathe through your nose.Breathe through your nose. Remove your stockings. Okay? They'll melt right into your flesh! Stay below the smoke line. Let's go! Clear out, stat! STAT MEANS NOW!Okay, guys, listen up, we need a head count. We need to count off. Michael's number one. Where is he? Where is he?Hey, Michael. Um... Ryan needs his number for the count off.NO!Okay, he can have 14. Marjory's not here today.Oh, you know what else? I thought of a nickname for the three of us. Three Musketeers.That's funny, too. But if we're the Three Musketeers...Hey guys, great response time. Listen up, I got some theories. Okay, there's a...Okay. Great, that's going to keep you warm for like 7 seconds. Question: is there fire wood on the island?Then I would bring an axe, no books.Fine. Physician's Desk Reference....hollowed out, inside: did my shoes come off in the plane crash?Is this your car, Ryan?Good shocks.Do it.Keep an existing...Yeah, but look, I mean, he didn't need business school. Okay, Michael comes from the school of hard knocks.Self taught. You didn't even go to college.Come on. I'm studying with the master, huh?You should learn from him, right?Right?Stupid!The Crow.Why didn't I go to business school?The temp.Yeah, it's all him and Michael talk about anymore.He doesn't even know that I do that.Oh yeah, Pam. Right. That's going to help things, just talk it out. I hope the war goes on forever and Ryan gets drafted.I'm sorry I said that, I didn't... just part of me meant it. Besides, he'd end up being a hero anyway.Oh Jim, I'm not going to quit. Then Ryan wins.Thanks you guys. I just need some alone time.Would that make you happy?If you had your cell phone, it would make you happy?I'm on it.Everyone, okay? Uh, I have an announcement. Apparently, in business school, they don't teach you how to operate a toaster oven. Because some smart, sexy temp left his cheese pita on oven instead of timing it for the toaster thing.That's exactly what I said.Were you absent?You failed?I have a song. Attention, everyone! That I want to sing. That I wrote especially for this occasion when I was up there among the flames. Ready?  Ryan started the fire! It was always burning since the world's been turning!Everybody!... Marilyn Monroe!Eat it! You gotta eat it. You have to eat it!Answer me this, though.Was it worth it? Was it worth it temp?Really?The fire guy! The fire guy!Joe McCarthy, Richard Nixon, Studebaker, television, North Korea, South Korea, Marilyn Monroe, Ryan started the fire!What is that?! What are you supposed to be?Yeah, well look...  What about me?I am a Sith Lord.  Oh big deal. Three round pieces of paper taped to a shirt. This cost me 129 dollars.Wait, what are you again? Oh, right... Three-hole PUNCH!Jim. Definitely.Phyllis.Stanley. Pam. Oscar. Meredith. Kevin. Angela.One of the warehouse guys.Who is he saying?No, Michael.No, not me.Not Dwight.I know that's what he said.Tell him, not Dwight.Tell him to stop.Quiet, you.Make him be quiet.Stanley, could you come with me, please.As Assistant Regional Manager...Look! I've got some bad news. You're fired. You need to pack up your things and go.  I'm serious, Stanley. It's over. I'm sorry.He wouldn't listen to meIf you want to fire him, you're going to have to tell him yourself.Cumberland Mills?! And how did you get my resume? Oh no, no. I'm very flattered. Don't get me wrong. I'm just not sure that it's my official resume or if it's something that maybe a satisfied customer posted online. What does it say under martial arts training? Oh. Okay, I'm gonna have to supplement that. Could I have your fax number?Would I ever leave this company? Look, I'm all about loyalty. In fact, I feel like part of what I'm getting paid for here is my loyalty. But, if there were somewhere else that valued that loyalty more highly, I'm going wherever they value loyalty the most.This is called leveraging an offer.  Michael, can I talk to you for a moment?I just thought you should know that I was just offered a job with better pay, better benefits and a better title at Cumberland Mills.And I turned it down.Out of loyalty to this company...... so I was hoping to be made Assistant Regional Manager officially.But then you wouldn't have me here.It's in Maryland.I can't. I... I suppose I coul... no. They never really made me an offer anyway.Where is my desk?This is not funny. This is totally unprofessional.I didn't lose my desk.Okay, who moved my desk?Ok, I am going to tell Michael and this entire office will be punished!Dwight Schrute.Jim, I've given you this information, like, twenty times.It's by the ream?...now, $9.78, signs and discounts 7%.Wash your hands, Kevin.Sensei, hello it's Sempai...Dwight...Yes, I just had a ques-... Yes Sensei. Arigatou gozaimashita. Hai.No, that was my Sensei.I am now Sempai, which is Assistant Sensei.Assistant Sensei.I am a practitioner of Goju Ru Karate, here in Scranton. My Sensei, Ira, recently promoted me to purple belt, and gave me the duties of a Sempai. Not that a lot of people here in America know what a Sempai is, but it is equally as respected as a Sensei.Impossible. The way they're programmed... You're mocking me.Look, I'm going to offer you a little piece of advice. I'm not afraid to make an example out of you.Ok, give that back to me.No. That is not a toy.Please?Arigatou. This is not a toy. This is a message to the entire office so they can see that I am capable of physically dominating them.No women or children, unless provoked.Warehouse guy. Doesn't count.Because we're friends.Argggg!What belt are they?No!Michael, I told you, it was because it was New Year's Eve and it began to snow at exactly midnight.Ok, I'll punch you.Kiyah!Did I want to harm Michael? The one man I've been hired to protect? No, I did not.I come from a long line of fighters. My maternal grandfather was the toughest guy I ever knew. World War II veteran. k*lled 20 men then spent the rest of the war in an Allied Prison Camp. My father battled blood pressure and obesity all his life. Different kind of fight.Take this pen and stab me with it.Good.Now watch, let me take you from behind.I didn't sucker punch you, Michael.In case you remember, I was defending my honor... like a samurai.Ok, fine. Tit for tit. Give it your best shot. Two punches. Go!No, I would block your first punch rendering it ineffective.Yeah.No, it's free during the day. It's fine.I've got the key.Yes, Sensei!Hiii!Yes!Eat it!Two more.No.It was my pants.No holding.No, stop it! Come on! Michael.No, Michael!I need to change my emergency contact information from Michael Scott.Just put "The Hospital." Contact numberI'm busy.Of course.Michael, I don't know...I can handle it. I can. Wow. So I guess this will just be my office.I'll have Pam send out a memo.Just a formality.Michael, I have so much to learn from you.Thank you, Sensei.Good luck, Michael. Good luck, Jan.Ok, you guys should not be doing this.You took something that doesn't belong to you.Brought it in here-Made copies of it-Not now!Ok, what are they?Not in a thousand years, Catherine. We work together. And get off my desk!Yes, I have acted before. I was in a production of "Oklahoma" in the seventh grade. I played the part of Mutey the Mailman. They had too many kids, so they made up roles like that. I was good.If it isn't my old partner, Samuel L. Chang.Thank you for noticing. Now keep me company for one more mission.Pow! Pow! Pow!Yes, perhaps I would, Goldenface. Sam, get my luggage.Samuel, you are such an idiot, you are the worst assistant ever. And you're disgusting, Dwigt.  Wait, who's Dwigt?D-W-I-G-H-T.Ok, you know what? I am done with this. That's it, the end.Uh, you don't speak for everyone, Jim. Ok, announcement. My uncle bought me some fireworks. Anyone who wants to see a real show, come with me outside now.Who's this? Jan?Did you do her?Jan Levinson-Gould.Did you do her?And she is your boss.You should get one of these.Do you even know what this is? It is a fitness orb and it has completely changed my life. Forget everything you thought you knew about ab workouts.This ab workout is specifically designed to strengthen your core.  Sorry.Numerous health benefits, strengthens your back, better performance in sports, more enjoyable s*x.Plus, improves your reflexes  see, I would have caught that.It's only twenty-five bucks.Oh, hey, listen, Jim. Here's a little tip for your performance review.Tell Michael that we should be stocking more of the double-tabbed manila file folders.Oh, yes, we do.Yeah, it's a new product. So, you should just suggest that to him and he'll be sure to give you a raise.Uh, that is so stupid. What if he gives it to you?Ugh, you know what? I am going to zone you out for the rest of today. I need to stay focused, and I don't have to see you tomorrow or Sunday and please don't call me, and we'll see how things go on Monday. Uh, stupid.Uh, duh.Saturday.Who? Who was it? Who did he fire?No, I went out and got drunk with my laser tag team last night. Crap! I never go out on a Thursday night; what the hell was I thinking?What should we do to prepare for Y2K?It happens occasionally.Tom?Next suggestion.You need to do something about your B.O.You need-To do something about-Yeah, who wants to come in on a Saturday?Next suggestion."Don't sleep with your boss"? Do you think this is referring to you boning Jan?Yes! Yes! Hiya! The least you can do is keep my salary consistent with inflation! Keeya eyah! Yes! Why are you gonna give me this raise? Why? Because... I'm awesome! I am awesome!Michael?I'm sorry, am I interrupting? Oh God; were you guys making out?Great.I am ready for my performance review.Uh, wait, I would like to discuss my raise?That is an excellent question. Thank you for asking. Let me bring up one word Even when I had walking pneumonia. I even come in on holidays.I have a copy of your key.I'd also further like to talk about my merits in the workplace.For instance, the time I brought in deer jerky for the whole office.You liked it!Jan, have you ever had deer?It's a delicacy. And you know what? It's an aphrodisiac. So when we're done here, you guys could go over to The Antler Lodge, sample some deer and talk about my raise.And in conclusion, I think that Lex Luthor said it best when he said "Dad, you have no idea what I'm capable of".Smallville. And that is why, I feel, that I deserve this raise.I'm here! I'm here! I'm here! It's ok!Mi-Sorry.Ok, I'm sorry. What is going on in there? Why is he here? What are you doing?You have to tell me.Look, Michael, I know you don't want to have to think about this, but if something were to happen to you, God forbid, then I would need to know in order to take over.Yeah, but that doesn't matter, you could get a brain aneurysm-Or get hit by a car-Or a bus or a train. Get poisoned, fall in a well, step on a mine, choke.So it's true? You have access to our e-mails?Oh hey, just so ya know, if you have a lot of sensitive e-mails, they need to be deleted immediately.Good.Nice.Does he have access to their medical records?I think one of the greatest things about modern America is the computerization of medical records. As a volunteer sheriff, I can look up anyone's psychiatric records or surgical histories. Yeast infections. There are a huge number of yeast infections in this county. Probably because we are down river from that old bread factory.Question: on the Internet there are several different options to get to your house for the party tonight-I was wondering-Why?Like who? Who doesn't know?Why just Michael?Is it?Oh, that's perfect!I won't.Battlestar Galatica.I can't-Tonight.Unfortunately, I've got plans. I have to go to practice. Soccer practice.Clarinet.Have fun tonight! Whatever it is that you're doing, and I'll see you Monday.  He has no idea!Jim! You really think this is a good idea, huh? A hide-a-key rock?You don't work with us.Thanks. Yeah, I always keep an extra set in the car, for special occasions. Jim, come here.When is the guest of honor coming?He's gonna love it!Surprise!  Everybody!Go. Get the door.Go. Push!Push!Really shove it.Shove it through! Break it!I got a splinter.I've got it leveraged. Push. Straight up.One, two, three.You guys should use a hand truck.No.Michael, I would like to be the elf.Okay, everybody listen up! It is time to get your presents, wrap them, and place them under the tree like so. If you do not get your present wrapped and under the tree within the next five minutes you will be disqualified from Secret Santa. All right? No exceptions except Michael.Gather round. Secret Santa, let's go. Let's go. Come on. Stanley, no, I'm going to handle the cord. Okay, safety reasons.I want to do it.Hey, I could get some flares from my car.First present, Oscar.Okay. Okay. That's enough. Let's keep it moving on. Jim.Pam.All right, next. Ryan.Michael.We don't do anything until Michael gives us further instructions.Yes, now you can steal the oven mitt, the old shirt or the shower radio or pick a new gift.Angela, you're up.Okay, moving along. Meredith, let's go.It's already been stolen this round. Pick something else.You and me, Michael. Yes!I never said it was better than an iPod.Michael keeps bragging about his iPod, but you know what? Two paintball lessons with someone as experienced as I am is worth easily, like, 2 grand.Take that, Saddam!Pam, steal something or pick the final gift.Yes! There you go. I want the teapot. Gracias.Yankee Swap is like Machiavelli meets ... Christmas.No trades."A real man makes his own luck." Billy Zane. Titanic.No. I want it. I'm going to use it.True. But I get sinus infections, and sinus infections can be cured by making your tea from green tea leaf stems .... and pouring it directly into your nose, like so.This is so awesome.Thank you.Oh, hello there.  But what are you doing?You shouldn't do things like that. The man is supposed to do that.Yes.Hello. Jim?This is not funny. Why is my stuff in here?Yeah, well, I'm not paying for my own stuff, okay? I know you did this, because you're friends with the vending machine guy.Yeah, Steve, whatever his name is.No, no, no, no, no. That's my pencil cup.Uh, I think so, and you're going to hand it over to me.Okay, fine. Where's my wallet?But I don't have any...Five, ten, fifteen, twenty, twenty-five...Good morning, Michael.Aye aye, Captain.Cool.Limbo, whoo!Me! Me, me, me.I'm stronger.I was the youngest pilot in Pan Am history. When I was four, the pilot let me ride in the cockpit and fly the plane with him. And I was four. And I was great. And I would have landed it, but my dad wanted us to go back to our seats.What do you do with a drunken sailor? What do you do with a drunken sailor? What do you do with a drunken sailor early in the morning?I can't. Do you want us to run aground, woman?!Wow. You should be the motivational speaker.Yeah. He gives me real responsibility, Michael. Captain Jack delegates. He's let me steer the ship for the last hour.Seasick? Captain Jack says you should look at the Moon.Don't worry, Michael. I'm taking us to shore.What is going on? What is going on?I'm coming Michael!I'm gonna save you!Hold on Michael! I am coming! Wait there!Your foot?It slipped.Sorry.Hey, Pam, I'm assistant regional manager, and I can take care of him. Part of my duties are to.What?No, I didn't.What is wrong with you?Aw, man, is that a Prism Duro-Sport?Yeah, they're like an i-Pod only they're better 'cause they're chunkier and more solid.Oh, no no no. Don't go there. I know this Russian website where you can download songs for two cents a piece.Yeah, I'll write down the address for you. Only, the only thing is, is that all the songs are in Russian. ... Kidding!Why would they all be...? Ok, see you later, Pan.These covers are totally indestructible.Yeah. Throw it. I promise it won't break. Chuck it.Oh no, it's broken.No, it's fine. I told you it wouldn't break. You could throw it all day long.Yep.Huh. Do you like candy?Cause you're sweeter than candy.Dad?Uh, ugh, ohhhh...I want Michael to take me...Choo choo choo choo choo choo...Vietnam sounds.Tired...Want to take a rake... .Ahh!Ok, Pam, thanks.You're the best.It smells like chicken soup.I have to go to the hospital.Where we going?I'll be back, I mean...Why?Aw, Pam, you're adorableOh, huggy hugs.Where are we going?Where are we going?I found it under the seat.I'm thirsty.No!I'm thirsty!No.You can't fire me, I don't work in this van!No.Mmmmm...My eyes!My eyes!Danger.Hi Michael!Ahhh. MweehaaWhat is that?That's what she said.I don't want to do this.Oh.What's up-dog?Good. How are you doing?Empty mind.Meredith, men's room. Make sure you replace the urinal cakes. They're worn down. Kevin file drawers. Angela kitchen. Oscar dusting. Where is Oscar?That's unacceptable.Michael.Oscar is out sick.Can I do some of the talking?Ok, let him know that I'm here.And Dwight.Ask him his symptoms. I'm on Web M.D.Checks out.Ok. First impressions?Which is exactly how you'd wanna sound like if you wanted someone to think you were sick.Question? May I investigate?Listen Temp. I am conducting a little investigation so I'm no longer going to be able to head up spring cleaning. Do you think you can handle it?Do you think? Or do you know?Oh God, here.Hey Oscar how ya doin'? Dwight Schrute calling. Listen a little question for you, buddy. I called six minutes ago and no one answered. So I was wondering if you could explain. Oh, I see, so. Sounds like you're too sick to come into work but your well enough to go to the pharmacy.There are several different ways to tell if a perp is lying. The liar will avoid direct eye contact. The liar will cover part of his or her face with his hands, especially the mouth. The liar will perspire. Unfortunately I spoke to Oscar on the phone so none of this is useful.Ok, what is going on here?Oh, really nothing? Fact: You are drinking grape soda. You never drink grape soda. Fact: You are talking to Jim. You never talk to Jim.Ok. So what is the secret Michael?Is that true?Thank you Michael. I know your telling the truth.I can tell. I won't let you down.Who took all the black ones?So, how did Oscar sound when he called in?Sniffling how?Three.Ok, good, thank you. That wasn't so hard now was it?Quick Oscar update. I have conducted interviews with everyone in the office.Including prep time?As a volunteer Sheriff's Deputy I have been doing surveillance for years. One time I suspected an ex-girlfriend of mine of cheating on me. So I tailed her for six straight nights. Turns out she was, with a couple of guys actually so... mystery solved.Stay low... This is it... There he is. He's been gone for at least two hours. Who is that? Come to Papa... Oh yes. Let's roll. I knew it! You are so busted. Ice skates, shopping bags? I think I know what's going on here. You weren't sick at all.This is Dwight Schrute. Who is this?How bout this. I don't tell Michael and in exchange you owe me one great big giant favor. Redeemable by me at a time and place of my choosing.Guess what I found out about Oscar tonight? He was lying about being sick. Should I have reported Oscar's malfeasance. Hmm, probably, but now I know something he doesn't want me to know. So I can use his malfeasance to establish leverage. Otherwise, it's just malfeasance for malfeasanceses-ses sake.It's still stinky.She probably scrubbed it into the fibers of the carpet. Total permeation.Ha ha ha... the old bullpen.Okay.Yeah!Mm.No way!And who had your office?That guy Miles who quit to form his own company?No!I thought he was out on the road.Ah.Michael.What?Yeah!Should we help 'em pick up their stuff?Okay.I'm totally gonna win us that box set.Jethro Tull...I need to make a sales call. Please?Am I the 107th caller?Yeah!It is so on!Michael is gonna wipe the floor with us!But you're the one who picked today.It's a terrible idea.Them in there all together. If they stay in there too long they're going to get on the same cycle. Wreak havoc on our plumbing.Yeah!We could do it in the warehouse.Remember on Lost when they met the Others?Okay. Let's go. Step up.Michael wants us to bond so we need topics for conversation.No.No.Yeah and then they make you drive them to Church the next morning. Like "Gas ain't free!"Not literally.Word.And you want me to come with you.I will stay here and run things on this end.Question. Will you be seeing Jan when you're in New York?Well... It's Valentine's Day, and you guys, you know...Screwed.What's this? What is this?Yeah, but who put it here? And for what purpose?Ahh!Hello Angela. Did you hear, somebody rocked the house and got me the best present I've ever gotten.Oh I did. I did.Oh, I bet you will before the day is over.Pam. Hi, How ya doing? Good. Listen, uh may I speak with you... privately?No, Pam, Just. Just,Girlfriend. Yes, and the reason I didn't get anything for this particular person - who shall remain nameless - is that she's not really the kind of person you'd think would be into Valentine's Day. She's kind of...(smirking) Exactly.You mean, like a ham?Ok, I get it.Ok, shut up. I know exactly what to do.Women are like wolves. If you want a wolf, you have to trap it. You have to snare it. And then you have to tame it. Keep it happy. Care for it. Feed it. Lovingly, the way an animal deserves to be loved. And my animal deserves a lot of loving.They are either going to say yes... or no.Think it through.Fumble! Yaaah!Hut! Hut! Hut! Hike!Ryan.Ooh. They're having a sale on TiVo. Maybe I should get a TiVo. Oh. DVD Burner! Maybe I should get one of those. You are so lucky, Jim. You are so lucky you don't have this problem. What was the 9th place prize again? A loaf of bread?Oh, great. Tasty, terrific pizza. Hmm. Question: Do their pizzas play DVDs?Ha! I don't get it.Well, it's not really a big speech. You still coming right?What if I give a really long, extended Thank You. For instance, "Thank you, Mr. Blank. Thank you very, very, very..."When I was in the sixth grade, I was a finalist in our school Spelling Bee. It was me against Raj Patel. And I misspelled, in front of the entire school, the word 'failure'.I can't do this.Oh, okay.Okay, deal! I'll do whatever you say. No questions asked.I'll try and think of one. When...Is that an insult or is that part of the public speaking advice?Saleswoman has a v*g1n*.But I'm right?Hey. Do you remember the speeches that you gave?Could I have a copy of one of them?Yeah!That is so great about the bonus!Excuse me! May I have your attention please? There has been an accident on 84 West. Cars have skidded off the road into the safety railing. Several cars have flipped. There is broken glass everywhere. Several people are injured.Brad Pitt. Also there will be no bonuses.They are unrelated.He will never act again. Also, this branch is closing.Yes.Good morning, Vietnam!  Okay. You know what? This isn't working. Because um I'm not nervous in front of them. They're my subordinates.Uh, yes you are. I'm Assistant Regional Manager.Michael, can you explain?I can travel anywhere except Cuba. And I will travel to New Zealand. And walk the 'Lord of the Rings' trail to Mordor. And then I will hike Mount Doom. So... no... just leave me alone.Oh please! You're not taking any trip.You did?Yes. I am.Which is?I'll glance at it.Thank you, Angela.No, I can't... I ca...and you'll understand that it is a privilege to fight!WE ARE WARRIORS!Salesman of Northeastern Pennsylvania, I ask you once more rise and be worthy of this historical hour!Yeah. Yes!No revolution is worth anything unless it can defend itself.Some people will tell you salesman is a bad word. They'll conjure up images of used car dealers and door to door charlatans. This is our duty - to change their perception. I say salesmen... and women of the world unite! We must never acquiesce for it is together, TOGETHER, THAT WE PREVAIL! We must never cede control of the motherland! For it is...Ok, thanks.  There you are. What happened?It was amazing. I wish you would have been there.What? Something happened?Weird.Con artist.Mmm... hello tiny one.You are the future!There is no way that hurt.Little girl. Come over here. Shake my hand. Come on, I don't have all day.  Uh, excuse me, these are expensive collector's items, okay?No, I don't have computer games on my work computer. That would be innappropriate.You call your mom Meredith? That's very disrespectful.You can refer to me as Mister Schrute.Schrute. Mister Schrute.The great tall tailor always comes to little girls that suck their thumbs--- are you listening, Sasha? Right? And 'ere they dream when he's about, he takes his great sharp scissors out, and then cuts their thumbs clean off!There's a photo...These are cautionary tales for kids, my Grandmata used to read these---n*zi* was a fascist movement......from the 1930's...I was gonna teach the children how to make corn-husk dolls....Okay.We have better service than they do!Is that a real fun sh**ting windmill?And he is on TV now!Uh, okay. But first, that's not my name.Well at least I'm not a horrible little latchkey kid who got suspended from school. So...And they do, your parents, love you very much.The Schrutes consider children very valuable. In the olden days, the women would bear many children, so we would have enough laborers to work the fields. And if it was an especially cold winter, and there weren't enough grains or vegetables, they would eat the weakest of the brood.  They didn't eat the children.Yes. There he is, the birthday boy!Birthday hug!That suit is amazing.Mmm. Maybe I should get one.Ebay. Hm. Question! May I be in charge of the party planning festivities?Excellent. On my part, I did manage to reserve the...Let's get the party started.Party planning committee, listen up. Michael would like trick candles for his birthday cake, so make that a priority.Not my problem. Here is a list of things that Michael would like to be surprised by.Yes, but he doesn't want to know when, or whom.It's 'For the Longest Time,' by William Joel. It's you favorite song.I probably care more than she does.Uh, that's a list price of four dollars and fifty cents. Unfortunately, this item is on  Michael! Michael! Michael Michael Michael! Come here, come here, come here! Come here!Listen up everyone! It is 11:23 exactly, the exact moment when you emerged from your mother's vaginal canal, so... huh?! Right, have a seat. Please.There is a tradition that the Hebrews have of hoisting the birthday boy up on a chair.So come help me celebrate Michael's birth moment. Kevin!Creed! Come on. Stanley!On three, we're going to hoist away! Ready?Happy birth moment, Michael.One. Two. Three!Oscar...Okay, that is not an eight foot sub.F. Alright, what's the damage?Thirty nine... sixty.Why tip someone for a job I'm capable of doing myself? I can deliver food. I can drive a taxi. I can, and do, cut my own hair. I did, however, tip my urologist, because... I am unable to pulverize my own kidney stones.Here they come.Come and get it!Uh, bologna, tomato and ketchup.Hey temp, you know uh, we still got five feet of sandwich left .Hell, yeah. Save room for ice cream cake.Oh. I got it.This is the most important day of the year. I can't risk anything.What about that meeting... later... to discuss finances?But what if i'm hungry?Here we go. Make a wish.Yaoo yay!Pam was supposed to get 'em.Where have you been? And don't say the bathroom, 'cause I kicked in all the stalls.Please, don't.I'll get someone to take it down.YEAH!Turn it around. Turn it around.Number one!!Kevin Malone, you're next. Spit that out.  Spit... Okay, come on, let's go.Thanks, girl.Let's go over some of the symptoms of marijuana use, shall we? You tell me who this sounds like: slow moving, inattentive, dull, constantly snacking, shows a lack of motivation.I like the people I work with generally, with four exceptions. But someone committed a crime and I did not become a Lackawanna County Volunteer Sheriff's deputy to make friends. And by the way, I haven't.Stop! This is not Kelly Kapoor story hour. Illegal drugs were consumed on company property, okay? Your ass is on the line, mister! My ass is is on the line! Now I'm going to ask you again. What time did you go home last night?I didn't know that you were at a party on Saturday night.Okay, I'm gonna need to search your car. Give me you keys.Don't make me do this the hard way.I go down to the police station on my lunch break. I tell a police officer, I know several, what I suspect you may have in your car. He requests a hearing from a judge and obtains a search warrant, once he has said warrant, he will drive over here, and make you give him the keys to your car, and you will have to obey him.I can't stop this investigation. It is my job.I volunteered for this job.It is my duty......to investigate the crime scene. I have six more interviews to go and then I will reveal what I know.If you are attempting to compliment me then you have done a very good job.Well, you have......because being a narc is one of the hardest jobs that you can have......and I am very proud of being a narc.Oscar visited Mexico when he was five to attend his great-grandmother's funeral. What does that mean to a United States law enforcement officer? He's a potential drug mule.Have you ever taken any illegal drugs?Do you think it's possible that maybe you could have had some drugs in your system without you knowing about it?Have you ever... pooped... a balloon?He sure left in a hurry.I don't want to blow this. This is what all good law enforcement officers dream of. The chance to solve an actual crime.Do you know what this is?How do you know that?Dammit.No, it's marijuana.That's ridiculous, of course it wasn't me.I would remember.That's not how it works.Knock it off, okay, I'm interviewing you.I know you're innocent, but I can't look like I'm treating you any differently.Where were you yesterday after work?Attention everyone. Drug testers are coming in a couple of hours to test everyone's urine.Company policy. If drugs are found on the premises there is automatic drug testing conducted within twenty-four hours.No you can't do that.No you cannot. It has to be official, and it has to be urine.Kevin, what prescription drugs are you taking, besides Rogaine?Angela, what about you?You're not on anything?Good.Thank you, Michael.No, you will be tested.You will be. That is the law according to the rules.Hi, Linda. Dwight Schrute, Assistant Regional Manager. You might remember testing my urine a few years back when I was applying to be a volunteer sheriff's deputy.Mine was green.I'm all better.What kind of filing?That goes directly to the tester.Like in a cup?For what purpose?Then I refuse.Are you serious?But that's illegal.Not my urine.Were you forced to do drugs at this concert?I want him to have all the urine he needs.I know that. Don't you think I know that?My father's name was Dwight Schrute. My grandfather's name was Dwight Schrute. His father's name Dwide Schrude. Amish. I loved my father very much. Every morning he'd wake up at dawn and make us biscuits with gravy. When I was little my dad and I played a lot of games together. My dad cheated a lot but I never busted him on it. I would have, except I didn't know about it. He didn't tell me till years later. I was shocked when I found out.That's great.It's a uniform and I turned it in today when I tendered my resignation.I took an oath when I was sworn in and I broke that oath today.Really?That's fantastic because I've always felt that the security here sucked .Thank you, Michael. Very nice. Great.  Can I have a g*n?Okay, I'll have to bring in my bow staff.Thank you, Michael.I need to go over some details with you.First of all, Hank, how many orange traffic cones do you have?Oh, God.Oh! What is on your face? Is that a disguise?Clown paint.I.D. badges are long overdue. Security in this office park is a joke. Last year, I came to work with my spud g*n in a duffel bag. I sat at my desk all day, with a r1fle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged?Oh, he's sure. Just shoot.Whoa.. wha... wait. If someone has a problem with me, why would they withdraw it six months ago?That is not true. Redact it. Redact it!Okay, question.  When a name is withdrawn, does that also apply to the permanent misbehavior file in New York?That doesn't make any sense.No.I never smile if I can help it. Showing one's teeth is a submission signal in primates. When someone smiles at me, all I see is a chimpanzee begging for its life.This is humongous. I am not a security threat...And my middle name is 'Kurt', not 'Fart'.I have another complaint for Jim's permanent file.What box?!Ah... agh... dgh... Ahh! No, no! Four years of malfeasance unreported. This cannot stand.No! You calm down! Who's side is Toby on? Who's side are you on?Him or me?Him or me? I cannot work with Jim anymore.Either he goes, or I go.You choose!One of us is out of here by the end of today!I am not bluffing!Okay?Do the right thing here, Michael. Okay, I have served you loyally for years.I deserve this. You know I do!You have till five.Oh, look, Jim. There's a sales manager position open in Stamford. Want me to call Jan and tell her you're interested? I could put in a good word for you, 'cause I'll still be working here. Transfer! Transfer! Everybody! Transfer! Transfer! Transfer! Transfer!It's a good market. Higher volume.I have a girlfriend...So, you going to transfer Jim or not?I want an answer by tomorrow.Fine.Come on, let's go. Creed, Kevin, Oscar... andale! Let's go.I would never, ever serve you. Not in a million, billion years.I know. It belonged to my grandfather. He was buried in it, so family heirloom.Impossible. Roulette is not a game of skill, it is a game of chance.Oh, really? Mmm-hmm.How would you do that?You can't be serious. Are you serious?I don't believe you. Continue.That's ridiculous. You know what? Uh... Why don't you move that coat rack? Excuse me, everyone! Attention in the office, please. Jim is about to prove his telekinetic powers and he needs absolute silence. Go ahead.Oh, my God.Yes!Wait, canine AIDS?Actually, it's owned by Beakman Properties, and Dunder Mifflin is four years into a seven-year lease.When Darryl was coming, you said you wanted me here for protection.Code name Re/Max is here. No sign of Lan Jevinson.I'm Michael's wingman. I've got his back. Two dates. He's got two dates tonight. My job is to keep Jan away from Carol and vice versa. Michael said, "We must deceive them, so as not to hurt them, and in that way, we honor them."I expect to do very well tonight. I have an acute ability to read people. Jim, for instance, has a huge tell. When he gets a good hand, he coughs.Hey, hey.Jan's here.Give me the dice.Let's go.Evening, Angela. This is craps. I need to roll an eight. If I do, everyone wins.Thank you, Angela.Yeah! Yeah!Give me the dice!Come on, shooter!Come on.  So where you staying? Radisson?Super 8?Motel 6? Best Western?Holiday Inn? The Hyatt in Wilkes-Barre? You staying with Michael?Nice, very nice.Oh, man!You're saying Michael stole money from his own company?No! No, that's insane. It has to be somebody else. Like Meredith. Or Creed. No. Meredith, definitely.Which is exactly what you'd say if you did do it. Oh, man! I should've been handling this investigation from the beginning.No.There has to be a better explanation.He charged it. Discover. Made a little cash back on the deal. Smart. If he were a general in the Army, and you accused him without proof, you would be court-martialed in front of a firing squad.Okay, watch "A Few Good Men" and tell me that that's not true. I own it on DVD if you wanna come by later. "You can't handle the truth." Just kidding, you can.False. I do not miss him.Of course.Absolutely not.Well, he's not dressed in women's clothes, so...You could assume everyone is, and not say anything offensive.I really don't think so.Jim told me you could buy gay-dar online.Yeah probably. He didn't tell the truth a lot.Definitely.Damn.  I'll try Brookstone.Uh, Michael knows Pam. He asked me to do this just for him. He has his own reasons.Ah damn pop-ups.I think all the other office gays should identify themselves, or I will do it for them.What about Phyllis? She makes absolutely no attempt to be feminine!Michael appears to be gay too. And yet he is my friend. I guess I do have a gay friend."Hope this helps. -Jim" Nice!Shhh. Don't be scared.  ...oh no.Don't be mad, it is a business trip.Monkey, I am an A. R. M., Assistant Regional Manager.Yes, Monkey.And your veil.Um.I got it.I got it.Um.Can I have my neck pillow back? Michael! Can I have my neck pillow back?Oh, hey, how's it going up there? Have you made any sales yet?Shut up. That's impossible.Well, I did it too.So what kind of commissions you get up there?You're so immature!Hey, Jan.This party is going to be awesome.Check it out.Wow.I'll do a shot, Michael.Dwight Schrute, Assistant Regional Manager, Dunder-Mifflin.I'm a huge fan.Why do they call him The Bus?Smile!You don't have email on your phone.No one just called you.Yes. Anything.I'll talk to my buddy down at the station, stat.So I called my buddy down at the station today. Had them run a background check on Josh Porter. See if there's any known aliases, et cetera.He wasn't volunteering today.Whoa. Michael.Was that your per diem?Hey, Michael.Keep the wing flaps.Come on. Nice try, Josh!Yes! Ha!Ha, ha, ha, ha.Blood, urine, or semen.Take a seat down there. Second from the end.Why him?Not everyone approves of Movie Monday. I won't say who.That's not going to happen.That's not his fault! He had to follow his heart!Ever since Michael dumped Jan for Carol, Jan's been bitching out on him. Reject a woman and she will never let it go. One of the many defects of their kind. Also weak arms.Michael would never let me...I could never do that!Is this Jan?This is Dwight Schrute. I am calling about an extremely sensitive matter.It's about Michael.I can't talk here. It's too sensitive.No, but we should discuss that another time.Pull over at exit 40. There is a Liz Claiborne outlet. I know you like that store. Go inside and shop, until I can meet you.Many of your blouses are Claiborne's.Part of my job....noted.I'm going... to the dentist.I have to have an emergency crown put in.Yes. It's a new dentist. He's far. I might be gone... three hours.Did you get anything good?New blouse? Halter top? Camisole? Teddy?I can save the branch.If you let me run it."Ok" I can run it?Mostly get rid of waste. Which is half the people there. And clean house.  Right here. It's all for me. Thank you.The decision to turn on Michael was difficult. , here we are. It's all, on the table. I want... the branch. And I await your decision.Oh, by the way. There's a new Ann Taylor outlet store near here. I know you like their earrings.Hey.No thanks I'm stuffed....ok....so good.They have this new kind of quick drying bonding, so...Oh, yeah.Crentist.Yep.Maybe that's why he became a dentist.Ahh. Aaaah.I know...What?What is it?No.Gahh!I can't believe this news. That--- wow.You said that?Well... Gosh, if you think I should. Then I will.All right.Assistant to the regional manager. Thank you Michael, for staying on. I really appreciate it.Hey... I can't imagine this place without you.Yeah, when I'm ready, Mike.  Ok let's do it.Thank you Angela.Thank you Michael. I just want to say, to the few of you who will remain under my employ, that I intend to lead you into the black! With ferocity!Yes.I, will, make a difference here.Oh please, don't be naive. But you can be in charge of the women.No thank you.No thanks.Not my style.Well that was before. I'm thinking about getting something German, something with decent gas mileage. Plus, that convertible, it's a ridiculous choice for this climate.No.What did you---Yes.You know what?No!I think the Sebring's cool. It's cool. The Seabring's cool. It has a cassette and it has a CD.Don't fire me. Please.I HAVE EXCELLENT SALES NUMBERS!I'll do anything! Anything! I'll do your laundry for a month! For a year!I'm sorry! I'll do anything, I swear.You can't. You can't. But I promise I'll never betray you again. What can I do, Michael. What can I do?  What can I do? What can I do?Whoo!Awesome!Michael, can you get me a pen from down in the warehouse?Okay.  Whoo!Really?That is the way to go. Instant death. Very smart.You're thinking of a chicken.Ed was decapitated.You said you didn't know how to say it.Hey.If my head ever comes off, I would like you to put it on ice.When I die, I wanna be frozen. And if they have to freeze me in pieces, so be it. I will wake up stronger than ever because I will have used that time to figure out exactly why I died and what moves I could have used to defend myself better now that I know what hold he had me in.That is not a statue, that is a robot.And how big do you want this robot?Mm, no. Better make it two-thirds. Easier to stop if it turns on us.Look  I gave him a six foot extension cord so he can't chase us.I got it. When my mother was pregnant with me, they did an ultrasound and found she was having twins. When they did another ultrasound a few weeks later, they discovered, that I had resorbed the other fetus. Do I regret this? No. I believe his tissue has made me stronger. I now have the strength of a grown man and a little baby.Michael!  Michael. Michael ...Oh...Poor little fella.He is a goner.Yeah.Michael, get him away from your head! He is covered in germs and bacteria!You want me to flush him?Argh... gah!What? No, this is about the right size.I'm sorry, I grew up on a farm. We slaughtered a pig whenever we wanted bacon. My grandfather was reburied in an old oil drum.  It would have fit if he had given me another minute.I need a box. I need a box. A small box... not too confining.Yeah.Oh, thank you.Yes, please.Excellent.Always.He's not a songbird.Let's get back to work.Brain teaser. I have two coins totaling 15 cents and one of them is not a nickel. What are they?No, I said one of them is not a nickel.Ok. A man and his son get into a car accident. They are rushed to the hospital. The doctor says, there is no way I can operate on this boy, ...A man is found hanging from the ceiling...A hunter.Damn it!So you excited?Very excited?Extremely excited? ... Just very? That's cool.I am very excited. Ryan hasn't made a sale yet, but more importantly, he hasn't made an ally yet. Is he going to be a slacker-loser-wise-ass like Jim was? Or is he going to join the Dwight Army of Champions?When you are ready to see the sales office, the sales office will present itself to you. Your journey begins now.Do you know where we are, temp?I hold in my hand, a beet seed. Take it.  When... Damn it.And just as you have planted your seed in the ground, I'm going to plant my seed in you.Smells pretty bad, doesn't it?It's called bull crap and a client can smell it from a mile away.Oh hey, I forgot something in my car. I'll be right back.Congratulations resourceful salesman. You have passed the second challenge. Welcome to Schrute Farm.It is time for your next test. You have planted the beet seed. You have walked the long lonely walk of loneliness.You know what your problem is? You know why you haven't made any sales? Cause you think you know everything. You have to trust that maybe there are other people that can teach you things. Are you ready to learn? Are you ready for the final test?Come on!Please be seated.Pay no attention to the spirits that haunt this hallowed ground.Yes.Mose is my cousin and he lives here. He will always be my best friend. Unless things go well with Ryan today in which case, I won't hang out with Mose so much anymore.What is the greatest danger facing Dunder Mifflin?Wrong. Flash floods. What is the true cause of Robert Mifflin's su1c1de?Wrong. He hated himself. What is the DHARMA initiative?Final question, young Ryan Howard. What is Michael Scott's greatest fear?Wrong. He's not afraid of anything. Also, I would have accepted snakes. Fear is what it's all about. You cannot sell while undergoing fear. You need to vanquish fear! One must wrestle fear to the ground. You will now wrestle my cousin Mose.Wrestle him to the ground.Ryan. Don't. Ryan! You don't have to wrestle him. Just get in the coffin. Ryan?Where are all the animals?Ryan, come on. I am sorry. I am sorry. Mose is sorry too. Look, he sent over a basket with eggs and some fat back bacon. And look, something he whittled.You still mad? It's just Jim and I didn't get along, and I didn't want it to be that way again. You know, I wanted us to be a team. An unstoppable team that competed against other teams.Screwgun. The sales call!Establish time frames. Keep the phrase "real dollars" in their head. And always keep the power in the conversation. That's why you're losing them on the cold calls. Cause you say the word please too much.Michael always said, K.I.S.S. Keep it simple, stupid. Great advice, hurts my feelings every time.Good.Right.Uh huh.Exactly. Yes.They did not. They didn't have to say it to your face.Not everything's a lesson, Ryan. Sometimes you just fail. It's those online paper jerks. The whole business is changing. You know what? They're going to be screwed once this whole internet fad is over. What are you doing?  Oh no no no no! Ryan! Yes! Ryan the temp! Come on! Courtesy of Dunder Mifflin. Come on! Drive.Temp! Temp! Temp! Temp! Ryan! Ryan! Ryan! Ryan! Yes! Just think, that temp agency could have sent you anywhere.Maybe you've got mono.Yeah, totally single. Hundred percent available.Pam wishes.  Kelly, I'll take this one. Diwali is a Celebration of the Coronation of the God-King Rama. After his epic battle with Ravana, the Demon King of Lanka. It symbolizes the battle between good and evil...I see dead people.He was dead the whole time.Temp! Temp! Pflut! Pflut!No! You'll thank me later.Hey stranger.Sorry. I just feel like we haven't talked in awhile.When you become close with someone, you develop a kind of sixth sense. You can read their moods like a book. And right now, the title of Michael's book is, "Something Weird is Going On." Colon, "What Did Jan Say? The Michael Scott Story. By Michael Scott, with Dwight Schrute."Yes!What's the plan?Can I drive?Shotgun!Still.Thank you very much.  Okay, secretary says Wallace is away for the day and won't be coming back into the office.But, do not worry. I have his home address right  here.Christmas card list.But when I do, we'll have something to talk about.So, do you know what you're gonna say when he shows up?No. Bad idea. You need an attack plan. Here, I'll be him, you be you. Let's practice.Dum, dum, dum, dum... coming home from work.Yes? What is the meaning of this?Well, the branch is no longer finicially viable. It's simple dollars and cents.Listen, Scott... we're losing money, okay? It's not a charity; it's a business. And it's a dying business.Whoa hey, why not?Okay.Dum, dum, dum, du, doy, du, do... coming home from work...Uh!Ah.  Here, replinish your fluids.who is it?Gonna get it?Nothing.Then it was an honor to have worked with you.My first day when you hazed me by spraying me with a fire extinguisher.Uh,... my first sale, my promotion to assistant regional manager, our basketball game, when you took me to the hospital, and told me that you cared about me.What were your favorite moments?What about when Jan said the branch was closing?Well, it doesn't...Oh my God!Stranford is closed! Michael, we're not closed. Stamford is closed. Stamford is closed.We did it!In your face!Oh, man.I don't ... have no idea.Psh, why is that great?What was your mile time?I could beat that on a skateboard.Yeah, well my feet don't. And I can still crush that time.Let's just put it this way. Last weekend I outran a black pepper snake.I am fast. To give you a reference point. I'm somewhere between a snake and a mongoose. And a panther.Man, what is taking Toby so long?And you'll compare the times?No, my groin......is really tight.I can't...Aaaaah!Nametag?Karen Filippelli.Probably Italian. Possibly Filipino.That's Andy Bernard.If I were you......I would fire Anthony Gardner......before noon......to consolidate power.No, no, no! Not somebody. Gardner.The Japanese camp guards of World War II always chose one man to k*ll whenever a batch of new prisoners arrived. I always wondered how they chose the man who was to die. I think I would have been good at choosing the person.Hannah Smoterich-Barr.Well, well, well. Look what the cat dragged in from Stamford.Fact - I am older. I am wiser. Do not mess with me.What are you doing?I have a smudge on my forehead?Why are you looking at my forehead?Meet my eye line, Jim!Stop acting like an idiot!Hello. I don't believe we've been introduced. Dwight Schrute. Assistant Regional Manager.So you'll be reporting to me, then.My title has 'Manager' in it.Oh.I know everything about film. I've seen over 240 of them.We need to talk!Which is higher? Assistant Regional Manager or Regional Director in Charge of Sales?Okay. So who gets paid more? Me or Andy?Ok. Who reports to who?And then if I want...I...I...One...Yo Mike, our town is dope and pretty.What?What?But check that it's covered by your health care provider!But the little cars go in the compact spotDo you mean to me? From you? Cause that's how it works.Do you have batteries?Very funny, Michael!Really funny, Michael!Do this. Come on. Ready?On three. One... two... three.Hey, hey. Easy.That was my advice. Remember? I'm the one who suggested that you fire him.And what advice has Andy given to you today that you have acted on? Would 'none' be an accurate estimate? None advice?  Fire Andy. Fire. Andy.What!YEAH!If he even wants it. It doesn't come with a pay raise.So who will be your new Number Three?And I have to say your leadership...has brought...Uh, try double that. Classic TransAm, vintage American muscle. Please.Xterra's not even a real word.Oh, so you drive an X-Earth?That makes sense. I'd rather drive a classic TransAm than an XEarth.Well I hope 1985 has a time machine 'cause I drive an 87.Speaking of funerals, why don't you go ahead and go die.Idiot!If you were driving a TransAm, you would be the smartest idiot in the whole world.You're the idiot!Totally got the best of that interchange.I am cool.I'm cool, I'm cool, I'm so cool. Tell me what is going on.I am greatly concerned about having a convict in the office. And I do not care if that convict is white, black, Asian, German, or some kind of halfsy. I do not like criminals.Prison Mike. What's the very very worst thing about prison?Merry Christmas!Don't worry, she's dead. Oh wait. He's dead.I accidentally ran over it. It's a Christmas miracle!Relax, OK. And because this is Christmas, I am going to roast this goose and prepare it with a wild rice dressing. Do we have any cayenne pepper in the kitchen?Jim.What does it look like?And circle gets the square.So can you watch this? I'm gonna get my carving knife out of the trunk.No, Toby, this is different. He's already dead.Once I brought in a duck. To prepare for lunch. And people got upset. Apparently, they got attached to the duck and didn't want to see it k*lled.He was already dead. And we Schrutes use every part of the goose. The meat has a delicious, smoky, rich flavor. Plus you can use the molten goose grease and save it in the refrigerator, thus saving you a trip to the store for a can of expensive goose grease.Exactly. Thank you, Jim.Ok, that is ridiculous. And totally against the spirit of Christmas.It's Christmas Toby.Toby...Please? Please?Oh Pam. Take a chill pill.Oh, ouch. Michael, I don't think there is anything wrong with the way you described her.Are we gonna cancel Hanukah as well?Michael. Sorry to interrupt. Uh, It appears we're one bathrobe short.Copy.We are getting rid of everything that reminds you of Carol.Oh, look at this.Why don't you just buy the whole song?Oh, look at this, she saved you two thousand dollars 'cause they failed to report a mold problem.  But wouldn't that affect the final... How did she? Oh, oh, I see what she did. That is good. Wow. Carol is one smart cookie.Pam and Karen. I am ordering you to cease and desist all party planning. Immediately.As ranking number three in this office, I am order -You're number four.Ah, no.  You must turn over to me all Christmas decorations and party paraphernalia immediately that will be returned to you on January fourth.Ok, goodOK, this is stupid.No no, no, wait, wait, wait  Permission to join the Validity Committee.Damn it!Get out Jim.  Sir, I'm going to need take this chair.I can't... I can't here what you're saying.What're you talking about?Carol had a mustache?What are you guys talking about?Michael! Repeat what you said louder!It is my job to be there for Michael. How can I be there for Michael if I'm here for Michael?Who are you calling?Looks like you've got a little Nakiri knife action going there.Yeah, I bet you wish you had a Nakiri, though.Nah, I don't know... Still think Nakiri's better.Michael! Hey! Over here, Michael!Start the party.Jim! Jim! What... What's happening?Oh... Narcolepsy.Oh my gosh, now she's up.Oh, OK. Cindy! Yo, Cindy! Cindy! Hold its neck back and insert the knife below the jaw. Bring it all the way around, there's going to be a good amount of blood.  Don't let it bother you. Have a bucket there, for the blood... and the innards... and the feathers.Hey! It's Angela!  Hey!No. It was awful. I couldn't hear anything.No... way! Yeah!Oh.Walkie-talkies.Yes!Monkey, this is Possum. Do you copy?Lady, from the moment I saw you standing all alone. You gave all the love that I needed...pum pum pum pum pum pum pumBye Pam.Tape recorder.For recording. Michael is on vacation and he's asked me to record all meetings and to type up the transcripts.What?I'm not.I do not have a knife!Let the record show that Jim Halpert is a liar!Give me it. I am not.Jim Carrey did not just walk in, OK.You can't see... You can't see my stomach.Who's the target?What's it of?Unless you're willing to tell me everything, I cannot accept this assignment.OK, I accept it.Michael hit a deer?Michael! Michael!  There's an emergency in the warehouse.No, it's... involves the photograph.I have disconnected the office T1 line. I have ordered that that  be taken down and destroyed all print outs from the bathroom.There were. A lot of them.Who did this to you?  Where is he?It's hot in here.Yeah.I know.  So you're PMSing pretty bad, huh?Everything is fine. You are in the clear.Ok, wait. Does anyone want to trade?Yup?Yeah! You want shirts on hangers?Come on!!Uh, yeah. It's the safest part of the car. In the event of a crash, the driver always protects his side of the car first.Leave the keys.Leave the keys!No thank you, I never let anyone walk behind me. Seven out of ten attacks are from the rear.Uh, yeah, but it will be easier to stop. I can always block the blow. I can counter it with...Can I use your phone?Thanks.One...Three...Seven...Sure.Erm, that's one of the 'Big guys.' Been on hold this whole time.Here is my card. It's got my Cell number, my pager number, my home number, and my other pager number. I never take vacations, I never get sick, and I don't celebrate any major holidays.I like Karen. She's pretty and appears intelligent.My girlfriend is also beautiful and smart. She could be a model or a college professor which is intimidating to a lot of guys.No thank you.Hey, we nailed the sale!I overslept. Damn rooster didn't crow.I am not a liar.Stay out of this, you!Michael, I cannot tell you what I was doing there. But you have to trust me, I would never do anything to hurt you or this company.That's what she said.It's going to be ok.That's not the worst thing in the world. I'll just stand up in front of the office and reveal our true love. It won't be that bad. Look at Kelly and Ryan.Well, I don't have a lot of choices.Ahem-hem-hem. May I have your attention please? This will only take a moment of your time. Although I love this company more than almost anything in the world, I have decided to step down from my post and spend more time with my family. I do not fear the unknown and I will meet my new challenges head-on and I will succeed. And I will laugh in the faces of those who doubt me. It has been a pleasure working with some of you and I will not forget those of you soon but remember, while today it is me, we all shall fall. In other words, I am quitting. So... .I would like to give the rest of my belongings to Michael Scott. Just take them. Except this.One of my life goals was to die right here in my desk chair. And today, that dream was shattered.I have left Dunder-Mifflin after many record-breaking years and am officially on the job market. And it's very exciting.For your convenience, I've broken it down into three parts: professional resume, athletic and special skills resume, and Dwight Schrute trivia.I am ready to face any challenges that might be foolish enough to face me.How would I describe myself? Three words. Hard-working, Alpha male, Jackhammer, Merciless, Insatiable.There is nothing on my horizon except everything. Everything is on my horizon.I got this job to make some money while I continue my employment search. And uh, it's fine for the time being. Oops. Break's over.Child's play. Give me something hard to sell.Need any help?Great. I will literally be standing right here if you need anything at all.I have snow tires and chains. Plus exceptional hand-eye coordination.Dunder-Mifflin.Paper company. They're only one of Staples' top competitors in the area.Whoa. Really? Have you heard of paper?Well, that question is meaningless. Just go with the copy paper. It's your funeral. See how that works out for you.Hey.Same old.Oh my God, she told you?Accepted.The boss isn't funny.I don't get to wear my ties.So?I don't want to do your laundry anymore.Thank you.You did this for me?Oh, man.How do you know it's going to be a boy?Ow.What if he's a m*rder*r?Maybe that's how you die.I want to do this.Action.Alright! Uh!What?I'm on it.Ruddy cheeks, thick calves, no tats, no moles, no tats. No, TATS. Of course I want-Leave me alone and get the male stripper.I knew you would, Nancy.No preference, what do you think redhead or brunette?Nice. Do you have any blonde women?Yes. Jennifer Garner portrayed one on Alias. It was one of her many aliases.Okay, I specifically ordered a stripper.Oh, okay good. Well in the future please identify yourself as such.Is she hot? Text back, "Kind of."I do! I want some man meat!Elizabeth, I want you to sit here. When the phone rings, answer it.We hired you for three hours work and we're going to get it.Care for a piece of chocolate?Who is the king of Austria?Who is the king of Prussia?Who is the king of England?I don't care what Jim says, that is not the real Ben Franklin. I am 99% sure.Are you near sighted or far sighted?GAH!!!What do you think?Okay.SureInbwit? Yes.I...I don't know. My mouth tastes so bad all of a sudden.Hello, Angela.You look as beautiful as the Queen of England.The Shrutes have their own traditions. We usually marry standing in our own graves. Makes the funerals very romantic, but the weddings are a bleak affair.Why are all these people here? There are too many people on this Earth. We need a new plague. Who are all these people?No way.Of course I saw it.I saw Wedding Crashers accidentally. I bought a ticket for Grizzly Man and went into the wrong theatre. After an hour, I figured I was in the wrong theatre, but I kept waiting. That's the thing about bear attacks, they come when you least expect it.Once again, Jim, I will take care of this. I will locate the wedding crashers and report them to Phyllis. That way I won't have to get her a gift.It's a miracle.Best of luck, Phyllis. Also I'm going to need to see a copy of the guest manifest as well as photographs of the caterers.Dammit, Phyllis!'Scuse me, sir. How do you know the happy couple?The bride and groom? What are their names?Oh I get it, I get it, come on, freeloader. Let's move it. Come on. Come on.Got to find yourself another wedding to crash, my friend.I can't let you in, Michael.No, it's Bob and Phyllis' orders.You are a real life wedding crasher and I must bounce you. I'm sorry, it gives me no pleasure."Don't be an idiot." Changed my life.Whenever I'm about to do something, I think, "Would an idiot do that?" And if they would, I do not do that thing....Oh my God. Animal stool.Solving a mystery, if that's quite alright with you.  Come to Papa. Okay, ladies and gentlemen, what we have here is a bird that has been trapped in a vent. Fortunately I have found it befo--BAT! BAAAT! BAT!BAAAAT! BAT! NO! EVERYONE REMAIN CALM! There it goes!We have... a bat... in the office.At Six?! No, that is unacceptable. Okay, Jim, you are the number two in this office. You need to step up and show some leadership.What? What's so wierd?This is your job, Halpert.No... no. One crisis at a time.If a vampire bat was in the U.S., it would make sense for it to come to a "sylvania." Like PENN-sylvania. Now that doesn't mean that Jim is going to become a vampire. Only that he carries the vampiric germ.I don't have a lot of experience with vampires, but I have hunted werewolves. I shot one once. But by the time I got to it, it had turned back into my neighbor's dog.Extraordinary events call for extraordinary actions. We form an allegiance----to use sudden violence.Do you have the tools to turn a wooden mop handle into a stake?Flush him towards the door. On my go... NOW!Animal control? I've been controlling animals since I was six.Goodbye Jim. And good luck.Jim is on a path now. An eternal journey, and I wish him well. But I have a destiny in this realm. Specifically, in the kitchen.Magic time. Gyeeeaahhh!Hold still, woman!... ... You're welcome.Yes. But this  seems to be...I know how. Dislocate his shoulder and slip his arm out from underneath.It's early bird gets the worm.Let me smell.  Good, not great.Thanks for inviting me along.Hello, Jan.Talk to you later, Jan.Salad.You dressed exactly like the servants.Wait. I don't think yours will fit me.That would have been really embarrassing.Crisis averted.It's from both of us.Oh, you know that line on the top of the shrimp? That's feces.Do you ever watch Battlestar Galactica?No? Then you are an idiot.What's the square footage?Does that include the garage?I'm just...It's a common question.These old colonials are great, when they're sound. I'd love to take a look around.Cool, let's start with the banisters.Huh. .Just the one window?Are those real pearls?Good.Oh good, you're up. Hey, who makes this chair?I want one. It's got good solid construction. Comfortable. What is this? Oak?What do you know?The chimney is in decent shape. Not great. I found some termite damage in a crawl space and some structural flaws in the foundation so all in all, it was a pretty fun cocktail party.Don't break up you guys, you're great together.Pam, please call security!Everyday, for eight years, I have brought pepper spray into this office to protect myself and my fellow employees. And everyday, for eight years, people have laughed at me. Well, who's laughing now?Thank you not necessary and thus, not accepted. I saw someone breaking the law and I interceded.Don't want it.Don't want it. Won't open it. Don't need it. Won't take it. Citizens do not accept prizes for being citizens.No, don't call me a hero. Do you know who the real heroes are? The guys who wake up every morning, and go into their normal jobs, and get a distress call from the commissioner, and take off their glasses and change into capes and fly around fighting crime. Those are the real heroes.I saw the perpetrator advance toward the victim at a high rate of speed. His head was thrown back, his shoulder and arm cocked indicating an attack position. Perp grabbed the victim. I removed my weapon from its secure hiding place.Irrelevant. Discharged it at a distance of a little over a meter into the perpetrator's eyes, nose, and face area. Rendering him utterly and completely disabled. Then I contacted the authorities. The end.When Han Solo returns to the Death Star in the Millennium Falcon, and shoots down the TIE fighters and saves the Rebel cause, do you think he does so for a free beer?No. And why are you so interested in buying me something Jim, what's your angle?What's this?Certificate of Bravery, from the Scranton Police Department. "Recognizing outstanding citizenship from a very brave young man. Dwight K. Schrute"Please. They hand these out to little kids. Look. There's a teddy bear in a policeman's cap.Really?Mm, good stuff.Sounds... fun.No need to thank me.I am not a hero. I am a mere defender of the office. You know who's a real hero? Hiro, from Heroes. That's a hero. Also, Bono.Yes, I have decided to shun Andy Bernard for the next three years. Which I'm looking forward to. It's an Amish technique. It's like slapping someone with silence. I was shunned from the age of four until my sixth birthday... for not saving the excess oil from a can of tuna.Jim, could you please inform Andy Bernard that he is being shunned.Ok, tell him that's not true.Ok, no. Jim, tell him that bears can climb faster than they can run. Jim! Tell him!Damn you.Yeah!Idiots! God, what are we gonna do!?Wolves.Visual aids.A quilt. Depression quilt?Okay, let's do this thing! I'll go summon the troops!We measured it once...Seedless?Ready?Okay.Got it.We're not allowed to use the baler.I'm on it!I'm temporarily lifting the shun.It means nothing. I need you to do something for me.Okay, calm down. I need you to acquire an inflatable house, and/or castle.What do you think? You've got an hour.Shunning resumed.Un-shun. Yeah that sounds good. Re-shun.Oh yeah, this is much better. Safer. Excellent decision.When you land, try and land like an eight year-old. These bouncy castles are not designed for adults.Do you wanna do another test? I got plenty of watermelons in my trunk!That's right! Doing! Totally doing! It's rock n' roll!Yeah!Near near near near near!Michael is awesome! Jumpin' off the roof!Bouncin' on the bouncy bounce! Show 'em who's boss!Rip a hole in the suuuuuuun!Guys! Listen up! Michael is up on the roof, and acting strange!Un-shun. I think he's suffering from depression. Re-shun.Un-shun. Never. Re-shun. I think he wants you all to come out to the parking lot and watch him die!It's gorgeous. Let's go!No really, it's, it's very nice. Come on!Everybody's gonna be fine in exactly what they're wearing, let's go! Let's go!Come on, hurry up you guys!Michael, what's wrong?!Depression? Isn't that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out?Is that the last year the data was available?Don't do anything rash!I didn't...  I didn't think you needed them for this part.you said to just...Okay, I'm on it!Attention blue collar workers!Michael's up on the roof and he's acting strange!Michael! What's wrong?Depressed? Isn't that just a fancy word for feeling bummed out?No, there's nothing to see over there, people! There's nothing to see. ...They found the castle, Michael.Okay, uh... I don't see anything. She might be bluffing.Oh... It's uh, a Repliee Q1 Expo female robot, they're only available in Japan.That's a ridiculous question.Well that's debatable. There are basically two schools of thought---Bears do not--- What is going on--- What are you doing?!You know what? Imitation is the most sincere form of flattery, so I thank you.  Identity theft is not a joke, Jim! Millions of families suffer every year!Oh, that's funny. MICHAEL!Cri-Man-Squa?Yes! You are entering the "No Spin Zone!"Not!On it. OK, Karen, Ryan, Pam, center stage. Pam, run a comb through your hair.First rule in road-side beet sales: Put the most attractive beets on top. The ones that make you pull the car over and go, "Wow, I need this beet right now." Those are the money beets.Hey! Uh, Hi. Hello, Dwight Schrute.And you must be uh, from the Washington Post.And "Breaking Corporate News."Oh, dear God. OK, here are your credentials. You've been granted level three security clearance.Don't get too excited, that's out of 20. Right this way. Regional Manager Michael Scott will be addressing the client in the press room shortly. Have a seat, can I get you a beverage?Great.Emergency dentist appointment.You look good in this.May I point out that the s*x appeared to be consensual? Both animals were smiling.I grew up on a farm. I have seen animals having s*x in every position imaginable. Goat on chicken. Chicken on goat. Couple of chickens doin' a goat, couple of pigs watching. Whoever drew this got it exactly right.It's non-transferable...Uh, you could never withstand a SWAT team.I'm just saying...They would flank you. Throw in a concussion grenade.You would be on the ground, blind, deaf, dumb.Cut.Pam.Pssssh. I look like an idiot. Hey Karen.Yeah, that's cause I'm... you're boyfriend, Jim Halpert. Hey, Karen, wanna get t-together later and have sexual intercourse cause you're my girlfriend?I'm Jim Halpert.Ah-luh-luh, a little comment. Muh.That is a demerit.You've gotta learn, Jim. You are second in command, but that does not put you above the law.Let's put it this way. You do not want to receive three of those.Three demerits and you'll receive a citation.Oh, it is serious. Five citations and you're looking at a violation. Four of those and you'll receive a verbal warning. Keep it up, and you're looking at a written warning. Two of those, that'll land you in a world of hurt... in the form of a disciplinary review written up by me and placed on the desk of my immediate superior.That is correct.What's a dis... what's that?Move!Employees of this office are very small and delicate. Deserve protection from local pervs. Better 1,000 innocent men are locked up than one guilty man roam free.Agreed. Let me show you what I've been working on.There are several penises there I'd love Phyllis to run her eyes over. You know, see if we can catch this pervert.Look at that one.Due to a recent incident involving Phyllis, a man, a map, and his pen1s - I think you know what I'm referring to - Michael has authorized me to form an emergency anti-flashing task force.Answer: No, because this is being given priority one. This is a petition for the business park to upgrade their security cameras as well as install two floodlights in the parking lot. And I know... I know what you're thinking.  Won't that just shed more light on the penises? But that is a risk we have to take. Pam. You can draw, kind of. Why don't you work with Phallus on drawing a picture of the exposer that I can post around the community?Phyllis, sorry. I've got penises on the brain. Back to work, everybody.Attention. I am removing all bananas from the kitchen.Desperate times call for desperate measures.Yes. Did you hear that, Michael?Mm, less than three.You know what? Why doesn't Oscar run the meeting? He's a homosexual.Those are collectible action figures and they're worth more than your car.Alien. Blagh!I wish I could menstruate.If I could menstruate, I wouldn't have to deal with idiotic calendars anymore. I'd just be able to count down from my previous cycle. Plus, I'd be more in tune with the moon and the tides.Have you finished with the sketch?Hmm, doesn't seem like the type.Hmm.I plan on plastering this pervert's face everywhere. You can run, but you cannot hide.Of course you do, moon face. That's because you're a preppy freak, you're the office pariah, and nobody likes you. So start hanging these all around the building.No, duh. That's why we gotta catch him. Start hanging those.More like, "Aye, aye, General."This is what we know.Yeah, I do. 'Cause justice never rests.No. Wholesies.Natch.You know, I may have underestimated you. You're not a total ass.Dunder-Mifflin paper/s*x predator hotline, this is Dwight Schrute.Jim, what are you doing? I'm busy.Ugh. I'm hanging up.You have information about the s*x predator?Where?PAM!OK, where does it hurt?No, that's not how it works. You have to point to a specific part of the body."Abdomen. Menses.""The uterus contracts after your egg passes through it."Oh, is it possible you ate food that contained animal waste?Yes! Funtivities! I knew it wasn't just a trip to the beach.I hope there will be management parables.Yes!I choose Michael!OK, temp.We will be called Gryffindor.Slytherin are the bad guys, Jim.He-who-must-not-be-named? I wouldn't do that.OK, seriously. You really shouldn't be saying that.Come on! Come on! Andale! Arriba! Arriba!What are you saying?OK, I apologize for yelling at you.I am trying to bring team spirit.What the? Damn it temp!It's very good for you.You're leaving?Damn it!Sabotage.No. I was saying that before. Not now. Now I am saying sabotage. The ancient Dutch art of screwing up your own team.If Michael organizes some kind of group hug, stand next to me.Gaaaaa....Yaaaaa! Yaaaaa!Gryffindor! Gryffindor!That's not why you lost.Yeah, right.Aaaagh! Uggggh! How do you like that?No! It's okay. I will do this Michael.I will walk and stand on these coals until you award me the position of regional manager!GIVE ME THE JOB! GIVE ME THE JOB!Aaagh, aaagh!Aggggh, that stings!The Aristocrats. A man and his wife and his children go into the offices of a talent agency. And the talent agent says, "Describe your act." And the man says something really, really raunchy and the talent representative says, "What do you call yourselves?" And the man says, "The Aristocrats!"I mean truly repulsive acts.You wanted to see me?But that's my name.  Thank you.Thank you, Michael.Thank you so much.Thank you.How would you like to spend the night with the Regional Manager of Dunder-Mifflin, Scranton?No, no, not Michael.  Me. I'm taking his job.Jim, Jim, Jim. Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim, Jim.I am gonna be your new boss.  It's my greatest dream come true. Welcome to the Hotel Hell. Check in time is now. Check out time is never.No. And the sheets are made of fire.Sorry, we're all booked up. Hell convention in town.I'll have to talk to the manager.I'm the owner. The co-owner. With Satan!Yeah, but I haven't told you my salary yet.Eighty thousand dollars a year.Once I'm officially Regional Manager my first order of business will be to demote Jim Halpert. So I will need a new number two. My ideal choice? Jack Bauer. But he is unavailable. Fictional. And overqualified.Yes you will.Okay, everyone, listen up!  Andrew Bernard.No! Hey, hey, hey, hey! Do not wish them luck. Do not wish them luck. All luck must be wished unto Michael.What did I say!?I am going to begin this process with a simple test of intelligence and mental dexterity. What is the best color?Wrong. Black. It is the most dominant. How do you make a table?What is the capital of Maine?Okay, also, moratorium on Cornell talk. Don't wanna hear about it. Forget your personal history, and learn the history of this company.You're not off to a very good start, Bernard.Time! No, you failed.This interview is over. I'll let you know.Who's ready to work?Michael is gone.My first order of business: make Andrew Bernard my number two.As if you had a choice.You showed great leadership potential at the coal walk. Even if you did follow it with that embarrassing personal confession.I had to make Andy my number two. It's political, complicated, you wouldn't understand. I want you... to be Assistant Regional Manager.Well, in a sense. Although, publicly I am going to retain the Assistant Regional Manager position.Correct, I need someone I can trust. But I would also like the title... to be secretly applied to you. Just stripped of its pomp and frills.Mmmmmm, let's call it Secret Assistant to the Regional Manager.Do you accept?Listen up! Come to the center of the room, please. This...  is a Schrute Buck. When you have done something good, you will receive one Schrute Buck. One thousand Schrute Bucks... equals an extra five minutes for lunch.Excellent question, Pam. 1/100th of a cent.Just... zip your lid! Another announcement. Michael wasted an enormous amount of the group's time and patience with non-work related ethnic celebrations and parades of soft-minded dogoodedness. No longer. No more meetings!Instead, today I will begin my first lecture in a long series of lectures designed to increase your knowledge on the world of paper.Yes! Michael is gone. There's a new sheriff here in these offices, and his name is "me." Conference room! Ten seconds! All of you!Listen up. Let's start... from the ground up. Where does paper come from?Trees! And where do trees grow?Soil. Right. We have, in front of you here, seven different types of Pennsylvania top soil. Now, what would you say... is the most important element in the production of above ground leafy growth? Probably phosphorus, right?  Wrong! It's nitrogen! Absorb this information. Good! Now, let us discuss precipitation. Stanley! When rainfall occurs, does it usually fall in a liquid, solid, or gaseous... state?Very good! You have earned one Schrute Buck.Then you have been deducted 50 Schrute Bucks!We--- Don't you wanna earn Schrute Bucks?What's the ratio of Stanley Nickels to Schrute Bucks?Okay---What---No wait, what are you doing?!No, no, no, wait! Class is not canceled.Zip your lid!It's like outerspace without the stars, it's so black.It's so intimidating! Anyone who comes in here... is gonna have to take me seriously. Abandon all hope, ye who enter here!To intimidate my subordinates.It was Andy's idea.Pam, hello.I wanted to thank you... for helping me, when you held the title, Secret Assistant to the Regional Manager. You served the office with great dignity.Where?No need we can just check the security tapes.It's only Meredith.Hey... Why did you do it?Was she talkin' back?Did you get sick of that face? Did she owe you money? Uh-oh. Is this downsizing? Did she spurn your advances?Hey monkey, what's up?Sure.Check to see if she's faking. If a car hit me, it wouldn't crack my pelvis. You know what; I bet she cracked it at home. Jumped in front of the car to get some workers comp.So what do you need me to do?Mm-hmm.Hey monkey.Well you left the TV on, and your cat is dead.Sparkles, the white one, is dead.That was the sick one, right?No.Really dead. Like a... just a dead cat.So... Hey come on, don't be sad, just... OK... just. She's in a better place.Actually the place that she's in is the freezer, because of the odor.She's only a cat.Cats do not provide milk or wool or meat.No, I have not.I do not respect her, but I will go.As a farmer, I know that when an animal is sick, sometimes the right thing to do is to put it out of its misery. With the electricity we're using to keep Meredith alive we could power a small fan for 2 days. You tell me what's unethical.Blink once if you want me to pull the plug.Are you a doctor, or a male nurse?Pfft... Her chart doesn't indicate that she had a hysterectomy but she did, or at least she got time off for one.Just doing my job.So, just to be safe they are giving her the rabies vaccine.Mm-hmm.No, no. You've gotta be bitten by something.Actually the doctor said it was lucky she came in to the hospital, cause the only way to beat rabies, is to start treatment before the symptoms set in... Lock jaw.Oww!You're taking this out on me, but I was only the messenger.You'll feel better after the 5k. Exercise is good for depression.Well I don't know, on the other hand it does leave less money for bat birth control.Wait, this money is going to bat birth control, right Michael, that's what you told me when I contributed.Maybe we should just skip the ceremony and setup a college fund for Meredith's son.Mm-hmm.On your marks, get set...You've got nothing to worry about, I put Imodium in Toby's coffee before the race.How ya feeling, better?Well you look cute as a button. You've worked up quite a sweat.I am a farmer Angela.OK, when a farmer sees an animal that is in pain, that has no quality of life, that has no utility, a farmer does what city folk don't have the stomach to do.I... I sang her, her favorite songs.It was beautiful and gentle and respectful. I fed her antihistamines and she gradually fell asleep.Well I'm not responsible for that!Hey, Oww!  It's OK.It's nothing, I'm robbing her.It's fine. What?I thought I was helping you. I expected a hug. I took care of that cat, the best way I knew how.I know a great taxidermist. I'll pay to have her stuffed. Well he's not great, but he's pretty good.Or we can have her buried out at the east field, by mother. Huh, Angela?What?I don't see it. I think they both could do better.To give you this .It's a feral barn cat. I trapped him last night and I'm giving him to you as a replacement cat for the one I destroyed.And his name is... Garbage. Mose calls him Garbage because he likes to eat garbage.You haven't buried her yet?Garbage can be very helpful. OK, he's a youthful cat. He k*lled an entire family of raccoons.  Look at him.What if we don't want to use a Blackberry because they are stupid and pointless?Got it.Hello.Really?I'll make a reservation. No, no. Let me cook for you. Cauliflower and noodles. Baked potato on the side.Oh, yeah. Yes!I'm gonna live for a very long time. My grandma Schrute lived to be 101. My grandpa Manheim is 103, and still puttering around in Argentina. I tried to go visit him once, but my travel visa was protested by the Shoah Foundation.Are you enjoying your vegetarian noodles?Dry. Delicious.Oh, that's funny.Are you enjoying your mineral water?Then don't look in my eyes. Look right here , it's an old sales trick.No, please don't do this, monkey.Dry rot?Excuse me, Angela. Michael asked me to turn in these reciepts for these gift basket items.You're welcome.Yes...  I miss you.Fine.  Then I just want to be friends.Plus a little extra. Also, I love you.Michael, wait. Let me go.Please, let me go. I need to win those clients back.  Please.Yeah.Thank you.Sweet ride, American made. What happened to the Sebring?Ah, that's a pain in the ass.Larry Myers. Left us six months ago for Office Depot.Why do you use that thing? Let's them know where you are at all times.The government, spy satellites, private detectives... exgirlfriends.Yes, yes we know but we just have not gotten over you.And we are dedicated to providing you with the very best customer service, the very best personal business relationship we can if you ever decide to come back to us.Please, come back.Remember what we had Larry?I don't know. Sometimes people are just impossible and they make you miserable.Like Angela in accounting.Ugh... no, she's wonderful... at accounting. But she drives me crazy.You don't know?He's not coming back, it's over Michael.Accept it, why would he come back?That's not gonna change his mind. He's moving on. We had our chance and we k*lled it.Well we're O for six. Last chance is the Elmhurst country club. Other side of the lake, on the southeast side.That's how it goes sometimes, you know? You lose everything and everything falls apart and eventually you die and no one remembers you.Wait wait wait! No no no! It means bear right, up there.No no no, look, it means go up to the right, bare right, over the bridge and hook up with 307.It can't mean that! There's a lake there!This is the lake!No, it's--- there's no road here!Remain calm! I have trained for this!  Michael! Michael!I got you, I got you!Fine.Did you get the rental insurance? Because that is pretty important too at a time like this.I'll call a cab.Look at that, still works. Old fashioned cell phone.Yes, we need a cab at Lake Scranton, at the end of East Mountain Road, in the lake.Yes!Take a stand!It's real simple. If you don't appreciate what we do, then give us back our basket.Can you call us a cab please, I'm gonna  Oops, sorry!Nice leather, oh my shoes are so muddy!Excuse me I have an announcement to make. We seem to be missing a box of chocolate turtles with peacons, and we will not be leaving the premises until we obtain them. Hand. Over. The. Turtles. Now!We'll bill you.That's ridiculous. I'm not going to be beaten by a website.Really? 'Cause Ryan says so?I can make more sales than a computer. In fact, I challenge that website to make more sales than me today.You believe a computer can beat me?Well I will prove you wrong.We'll see.Hmm. Very nice. Very nice.Just ignore him.I just feel like we need something more to acknowledge when I make a sale.Go to my car. Open the trunk. Inside you will see many pelts. Under the smallest one is a case. Inside that case is a bear horn. Bring it to me.Got it. Carb up.Hey, you wanna win? You gotta fuel like a winner.Uhyeaahhh! Hello, Susan? Dwight Schrute.Today I'm prepared to give you 15% off our normal prices.Three reams! Yoohoo... in your face, machines.What if I told you I could offer free shipping? Sure. I'll hold.You tell me.How do I know this isn't Jim?It appears that the website has become alive. This happens to computers and robots sometimes. Am I scared of a stupid computer? Please. The computer should be scared of me! I have been salesman of the month for 13 out of the last 12 months. You heard me right. I did so well last February that Corporate gave me 2 plaques in lieu of a pay raise.Ohhhhhh!No, I realize you normally reorder in November, but what I'm suggesti... you did what? Ah no! That's exactly what you're not supposed to do, damnit! Why would you reorder from a computer when you can have the personal touch of a salesman? Ahhhhh.Fine. Good.Yeah.I do not look worried.Here's a suggestion computer. I assume you read...What are you doing? I am in the fight of my life against this computer and every sale counts.Damnit Kelly! It knows! It knows what you did!Return it! Return it now!Y... You don't understand. If... okay, if this makes the difference, I'm gonna tell it that you were responsible.I am not a bad person. When I left Staples, I took some of their leads with me but I never intended to use them. What did I intend to do with them? Who knows? Maybe keep them as a souvenir. Maybe use them.Yes, Mr. Galliado. How would you like to pay ten percent less for paper than you're paying right now? It's not important how I got your information. What is important is that you say yes. Good.Perfect. So let me just get some basic information from you. Mmmhmm.I'm sorry. Am, so sorry. I... yes. Uh, could you repeat that?Yesss! Ten reams for the US District Court! Did I happen to mention the forty reams for the battered women's shelter?Huh?!Did you see the board?Yes!Woo!Reams. Wait. Say it. Say it again. Announce it again.No no no the first part.Hey. So. What do you think? I did it for you.You didn't have to.I think she's efficient.I hadn't noticed.I think it's inappropriate to date someone you work with.No. I think you should date Kelly.Uh, she works in the annex. You're also welcome to date Toby.I've seen this kid before. He's one the kids who sneaks on my farm and steals my hemp.We're a paper company. The best paper company in the whole wide world.What did you just call him?What did you say?I can make him talk, Michael.Listen up kid.  I don't like you, but because some town in Switzerland says so, you have rights.Hey!It's just ice, it'll melt all over the floor.If you're going number one you've got ten more seconds!Ahh-chaa!I'm just scaring him. The trick is to make him think you're going to do something to him.Shut up, or I'm going to punch you in the throat!You had to, what other choice did you have?Well, yeah.What will you do?Yeah.So, I'm paying full price?Here we go, sixty-five. You know what? There's two more.Now what?Alright. Oh, I assume I'm going to be reimbursed for the pizzas.Blah.Uhh.What?Coopers has calamari.Tokyo?Yes.Okay.Nice.Woo-hoo.Yum.Later on.And I spent so much time in Scranton and I never sold any paper.I started a fire with my cheese pita.I date Indian girls.Now I've got a beard, and I can do whatever I want, and I'm your boss.I don't get that, I don't understand that.Yeah, let's go.Schrute Farms, guten tag. How can I help you? Yes, we have availability on those nights. How many in your party? Oh no, I'm sorry, no king beds. No queen either. Well, we make our own mattresses that don't conform to the traditional sizes. Closest would be twin. Thank you so much for calling. Call back again. Aufedersein!None of your business, Jim.It is not a B and B.Agrotourism is a lot more than a bed and breakfest. It consists of tourists coming to a farm, showing them around, giving them a bed, giving them brekafest.I'm not telling you anything.  Dwight Schrute, Dunder Mifflin.Okay, this is a mis-use of company phones.Where did you read that?Trip Advisor is the life blood of the Agrotourism industry. A couple of bad reviews there, you might as well close up shop. That's what took down the Stalk Inn. One of the cutest little asparagus farms you'll ever see.How many in your party?We offer tours of the fields, and of the barn. Uh, perhaps you'll be interested in, um, Mose's table making demonstration?One cardigan, one sleeping cardigan and one sleep apnea mask.You took that with you.You are incorrect. I was recently scrubbing my room of memories, and I didn't see it there.My girlfriend and I broke up recently. And I must say, I am relieved. Gives me a chance to sow my wild oats. In the Schrute family, we have a tradition, where when the male has s*x with another woman, he is rewarded with a bag of wild oats left on his door step by his parents. You can use these oats to make oatmeal, bread, whatever you want. I don't care, they're your oats.We have three rooms, each with a different theme.American, Irrigation, and Night-Time.I'll put you down for Irrigation. Well then, do you have any special needs or diertary restrictions?No.No. Jim, come on.Mose, bags! Now!Here we are, the Irrigation Room! A very special room. So I'll come get you before the table-making demonstration. And as of this morning, we are completely wireless here in Schrute Farms. But as soon as I find out where Mose hid all the wires, we'll get that power back on. All righty.Mose, what are you doing? No Mose! Put the--- Put the manure down! Put it down! Do not throw it! DO NOT THROW IT! Ow!And Harry saw the white hand raise its wand, and felt Voldemort's surge of vicious anger. Saw the frail old man on the floor write in agony. "Harry?" It was over quickly as it had come. Harry stood shaking in the darkness, clutching the gate in the garden, his heart racing.Come in. Did you have another nightmare?Oh, Jim. I thought you were Mose.Is everything satisfactory with your stay?Great.Oh. Well I'll look into that in the morning. Thank you for bringing that to the attention of the staff.Pam.I am better than you have ever been or ever will be.Stupid.No.Maybe you should. Whatever.I'm glad you enjoyed your stay.Uhh-mmmNo you didn't.Mmm-uh-mmHello, this is Dwight Schrute calling from Dunder-Mifflin, and according to our records you appear to be low on office supplies. Okay, sure, yeah I can take care of that right now.Second Life is not a game. It is a multi-user virtual environment. It doesn't have points or scores, it doesn't have winners or losers.I signed up for Second Life about a year ago. Back then my life was so great that I literally wanted a second one. In my Second Life I was also a paper salesman and I was also named Dwight. Absolutely everything was the same. Except I could fly.We cannot talk about this... because, someone might hear us.Angela can stay the same, but we'll change Andy to Dwight.Dwike?Yes.Andy, I can't hear this right now.She called you D?Oh D.Oh D.He looks like your twin.I will know.I won't need to because we'll be together playing hooky. Yeah.Found him!Egg dripping, blah, blah, blah.Well, gee, Jim, I don't know, I guess there's no sales call today.Yow!He's lying.Gah-ah-hah-ha!No communication with the outside world Jim.Oh no, that is too bad. Shoot.Or real bombs.Yeah, come on, it will be so badass.Come on, I already filled the bottles with the gas, it's going to be so badass.I'm peeing in this empty can.Well you said that we couldn't make anymore stops, and I really had to go.Hey, you're making me spray!I think I cut my pen1s on the lid!Believe it.And if we have to defend ourselves, I will stab the security guy in the eye with the jumbo chalk.Then I'll grind up the jumbo chalk and blow it in his eyes.Okay, Jim.Let's move! Move, move, move, move!We are climbing some stairs.I'm breathing heavily.Well...There's a security guard coming by. Hello, we're warehouse workers. Would you like more proof?I can see the security guard's eyes.I have to do something to his eyes.The eyes are the groin of the head.My hip bone!Don't leave us!Don't leave us, help us, we need help Jim!I'm losing control of my bladder.Did you say Karen?Do not tell Karen about the industrial copier.Listen lady, you can expect these kind of repercussions as long as you keep trying to poach our people.Then we will burn Utica to the ground.Let's see if any of these will work.I keep various weaponries strategically placed around the office. I saved Jim's life with a can of pepper spray I had velcroed under my desk. People say, "Oh, it's dangerous to keep weapons in the home or the work place." Well I say, "It's better to be hurt by someone you know accidentally, than by a stranger on purpose."Do I believe that Michael possesses the skills to survive in a hostile environment? Let's put it this way: no, I do not.No, I would never leave you for dead. You would never escape.I would make sure that you were dead.First, I would remove your teeth and cut off your fingertips so you could not be identified.And they would call me the Overkill Killer.What are you doing?It would be better if you were unconscious.Do you want to do this right or not?We're here.Here we go, into the wild. Mighty forest. Can you smell the trees and the nature?Keep going, you're fine. Just some bushes and some thickets  Keep going. You wanted wilderness, you got it.Good a spot as any.I'm just --Spin. I'm trying to confuse your sense of direction.  Behold.Here's your knife. Here's your duct tape.Good luck, Michael.I lied to Michael. I said that I would leave him alone, but I will not. I will remain close by to provide unseen moral support, but I will never help him. I will let harm befall him. I will even let him die. But I will never let him lose his dignity.Michael is a man of great depth and passion. I don't know what he's searching for out here.  Lunch.About two more minutes .Nothing to worry about. Just using the scope. Safety is...  on.Stop! No, no Michael! Nooo! Nooo!All right! What is going on here?I told you.All of my heroes are table tennis players. Zoran Primorac, Jan-Ove Waldner, Wang Tao, Jrg Rokopf, and of course Ashraf Helmi. I even have a life size poster of Hugo Hoyama on my wall. And the first time I left Pennsylvania was to go the hall of fame induction ceremony of Andrzej Grubba.Well, he has gone from completely hopeless to simply miserable.Wait a minute, Darryl is the client? ...No, no, no. He works here, dumbass.Thank you Michael.Michael, what time should I be arriving?Does it bother me that I wasn't invited to Michael's dinner party?Hello.We came here to eat dinner and to party, this is a dinner party right?So can we come in?Hmmm... Mmm... great turkey leg.Angela, would you like some of my beet salad?Hey hey hey hey.  I know you love beet salad. I've seen you eat it many times.Purely carnal and that's all you need to know.Fine. Get outta here.Get out of my way, I'll take care of this. OK. Uhhh what seems to be the problem officers?Michael can come home with me.You people.  Come on. You're sleeping with me.I'm gonna take you home Michael.Alright.Write legibly people.OK, I have collected the rest of the ladies.I wrote that. Michael, you shouldn't have to settle. This is my pledge to you. I will find her and I will bring her to you and as God as my witness, she shall bear your fruit.That is fantastic. Thank you, thank you very much. This is just what I needed.The furniture company gave me the name of the advertising agency. They gave me the name of the photographer. The photographer, a Spaniard, used a Wilkes-Barre modeling agency. The agency gave me the following information.  Deborah Shoshlefski. 142 South Windsor Lane. Dead. Car accident. Case closed.She was so young and now she is dead. As dead as every dead animal who has ever died.Why don't you sit down? Michael... come on.  Here we go. Yeah.Jim, how dare you.You know what you need? Closure.There was a woman in your life who affected you very deeply, and she left before you could say good bye. I think you need to say good bye.Come on. I'll drive.I guess you could say she died of blunt force trauma and blood loss. She got in a car accident and plowed into the side of an airplane hanger.Yeah.She was stoned apparently.You wait until next year's chair catalog comes out and you find someone who's still alive.Yeah.Rhythm and blues...You've got a ton of dandruff.Taste good too.Wow! Lot of calories.Hey Michael, how was your date last night?Question.Why am I being forced to come in tomorrow and pretend that a website made sales that I made?I don't understand why our website has to have social networking at all.Yeah!No, singles only, singles only. Also three is unlucky. Curse of three.With s*x!Fire hazard.Women look like white slaves.Hey, Dwight. You resemble a Tolkien character.No, no, no. Not a wizard, a hobbit.Do you live in a regular sized house?Good.Well it's weevil season but we were prepared.They lay their eggs inside the unripe beet root, then come spring time the babies eat their way out.You've already been several times.Maybe you have some kinda bladder infection.I'll order you some cranberry juice.Do you have powers?Excuse me.How did you all find each other?Amazons.Ok, wai, wai, wai, wait, wait.  You two, Jersey State girls, let's go.OK. You know what, fine. Let's go, two girls to a guy. Come on, let's do it. C'mon, Ryan. Move out. OK, three or four with him . Let's go, c'mon. Here we go.Wait, wait a minute, what's this, I didn't order this?Oh.It's not safe. Anything could have been in there.  Nice try.I do, I have to go.No, I have to go. Good luck against Conn College, alright?Uh huh.  I'm not gonna call her.Wow.All right.Nice.I got sofa. I got sofa.I got floor.Do you want me to sing you a song my mother used to sing me, when we were sick?It's a lullaby.I think his species might have a higher tolerance than ours.OK. Good night Ryan.Come on!Can you breathe?Hold your breath.Ready?And... go.  Force it in as deep as you can.Andy and Angela seem very happy... I hope nothing horrible ever happens to them.Unh! Scratch.Uh, bumper's sagging.This car's crap. I will buy it for next to nothing.Well, here are your options: you can sell it for parts, drive it off a cliff... you can donate it to a person that you'd like to see die in a car crash, or, you can sell it to me, and I'll use it as I would a wagon on my farm. It will be towed by a donkey.Yes.You know what? You knock $1500 of the price right now, and I will take it off your hands. It's gotta be now.Seal the deal. Let's do it. Let's do this thing. Three, two, one--Five, four, three, two...Now. Now. Now.Say it. Do it. Now.Do it now.Do it. Shake my hand. You will sell me this car. Shake my hand.Jim is in charge of Stanley only in sales-related matters, hence the green line--green for money-sales, get it?There is this yellow zigzag that does give Ryan the authority to discipline Stanley...However, in so doing, it zigs past your name, hence zagging you and making you appear weak. Thus the yellow color. Yellow for cowardly.Menstrual cycles.You.Well, there is the emergency disaster mode for the org chart. This gives me full authority over every single person in the office.All you have to do it say it.Just say it.Say it. Just do it. Don't think, say it. Do it. Five, four, three, two... do it. Give me control. Michael... I promise to give authority back to you when this crisis is over. Do it, Michael. Do it. Hey, this office needs a strong man. Say it.So... All right, well, you're gonna have to deal with this yourself.Rocka doopa deepa do POW! Shacka do DO! Oh! What's Dwight up to? Oh probably nothing. Racka do do dee do-do do-do! Sha-KA!It's my car now.Yeah, well... seller beware. Now if you'll excuse me, I've got to monitor a three-way bidding war for my car on eBay.I've got a Madlib for you: a stupid, idiotic, numbskull named Andy Bernard sold his Xterra to a smart and capable man named Dwight. This is shaping up to be an awesome day for Dwight.Maybe he's going to church. Or court.Excuse me, people. It has come to my attention, some of you have forgotten, who is in charge here. When Michael is gone... Jim is in charge. When Jim is gone, Andy and I are in charge. When Andy is gone you answer to me. Okay?  He left. Last time I checked, the American workday ends at five pm. You will all stay at your desks until that time. Or, you will suffer the consequences.I will tell on you.Thank you.Michael, I know you're swamped. I just thought you should know that everyone in the office has left, except for Angela and I. Do not worry though, I have taken down their names, and I have docked them a personal day.So... what else is up?  Mich-Ah-choo!Thank you.You're welcome.Hello?Hello? Hello?Jim, what are you doing?Uh, uh, hang that up right now. Ha-This man is an imposter! Do not do business with him! This is not Dwight Schrute!K, fine. I'll just let it go to voicemail.Woah, woah, woah, Pam!Pam! You are not talking to Dwight right now. You are talking to Jim.No!  Pam, I'm over here!Disconnect that right now. You give me your earpiece.Ugh! Okay, you know what? Fine. I will reprogram my phone to go to my office phone.  Done.Argh! Ahh!!So what do we know about her?I hate her too.Because she... stinks... with her... ways... and her... head.Would that be such a bad thing?What?But our, our elevator doesn't require a pa...Have you been introduced to Kevin?He's here on a special work program. He's slow, you know, in his brain.Yeah.Hazing is a fun way to show a new employee that she is not welcome or liked.Accounting department, listen up. Holly, Human Resources. Angela, Oscar, and Kevin.You did.You made me wrap it. I thought it was over the line. I just-Oh my gosh.Yes.You have it?Okay, here we go. Here we go.Mose!N-nothing you need to know the details of.N-no there's not.It was playful hazing.It's not rabid.Get it out. Come on, get it out. Get it out.Well... it's my own fault.What?From this point forward, you will not use the bathroom. We need to keep our starting weights high so we can lose more.No, no, no. This is your last meal. There will be no leftovers.There. Take those home to your wife.Michael, it's time.Hit the scales, everybody. Right on that black platform. This way. Step it up.Wait a minute. One more bite of eclair each. Hold it in your mouth if you can't swallow.Wait a minute. Pam is on the scale.Family only.Fax this for me.It's not gonna take her 10 minutes to fax it, Jim.  If I don't see you again, goodbye. Well, actually, I'll see you when you give me the fax confirmation, so never mind.Ahh. We done good in there, half pint.Monkey.Let's do this thing.OK, can you turn the girl off please? I'm trying to get some work done.Come on, Bernard.All right, we're set.Shotgun weddings.Obesity-caused illnesses.Michael, we have a situation.They should not be in that room.Yeah!Not that guy who m*rder*d his mother. He was not so handsome. Also Kevin.Party's over. You are so busted!Happy Birthday, Stanley!Attention! Attention! We only have a few weeks left.  And most of you are just as fat as the day we began.I am hardly the problem, Jim.This is what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna randomly select three names and these three people will get liposuction. Uhhhhh Stanley, Phyllis, Kevin. And you will be responsible for your own medical bills.Hello Phyllis. Do you have a minute? Listen. I'm really sorry... about what I said before. Ok? I was way out of line.But you know what, I want to make it up to you. There is a sure fire sale, but it's a two man job. Interested?I'll drive.Hey, hey!And you burned over a thousand calories walking home. And this branch just got a little bit closer to winning the contest. Phyllis Vance, ladies and gentlemen!Yeah, I took your purse. What are you worried about?  You look great. I can definitely see the difference.No, no, no, it goes, it goes... look, "I say, I say, I say, I'll sit on you!"Vamping.Eh, I've been sitting all day.She should thank me.I apologize for creating a ruse which forced you to exercise.We better.Yes, you do.I do not! I do not say "Hi" Pam!What are you writing about me?I'm gonna write you both up for not working.Ok, well played. Neither of us'll write the other up for not working.God. Where is Jim?What are you smiling about there smiley pants? You're late.Dripping on me.She's not a virgin, you know.Yes.What should we be working on while you guys are talking?It's a trick question. The bread is poisoned. Also, it's not your real family. You've been cuckolded by a stronger, smarter male.Time thief. Time thief! Fire him!Never!What are you doing?Oh, so wait a minute, you're going to time me every time I yawn? That's absurd.There is no way that that was---Ok.None of your business.Fine.Yes, maybe I'm not.Hey Michael?Contractions are coming every ten minutes.My cervix is ripening.Michael! My water's breaking!Aaaaaaaa! What do you do? What do you do?Right. Highways or surface roads?No, Gibson is covered in potholes. Your car breaks down. Adapt!It's about adapting to the circumstances.No. OK, no. I'm crowning! I'm crowning! Aaaaaaaa!The pressure! The pressure!Aaaaaaaa!Babies are one of my many areas of expertise. Growing up, I performed my own circumcision.Hold me!Cradle my head!I'm screaming, I'm screaming, I'm screaming! Aaaaaaaa!Numb me up. I want anesthesia!No! I don't want natural!OK!Aaaaaaaa!Do you have the Sharpie?!Do you have the Sharpie?!OK! When the baby emerges, mark it secretly in a kind of a mark that only you could recognize and no baby snatcher can ever copy.Ready?!Aaaaaaaa!Butter. Newborns are slippery.Who's Sarah Kayacombsen?Oh no...Jan had the baby and Michael wasn't there to mark it. So the baby could be anybody's. Except Michael's.Huh. Twelve hundred dollars for a stroller? Phhhbt.Twelve hundred dollars is what I spent on my whole b*mb shelter. For that kind of money, this stroller should be indestructible.Don't hit the fence. Oh no, my child!Don't get stuck on the barbed wire!Playtime is over!I like to call this... the bumper test.Oh. I took the liberty of putting it in your trunk.You set a date?A knife.You got a better way?About what?I know none of that. If I did, you'd be the last to know.She introduced me to so many things. Pasteurized milk, sheets, monotheism, presents on your birthday, preventative medicine.I was talking to myself.I just don't get it.Why is she marrying Andy?That's really fattening.Bravo, Watson. Looks like a classic seven-man job. Okay, security tapes were stolen, Motives-financial, or possible, vintage HP computer collectors. Hank down at security had clocked out. And that's all we have.Ugh.Get in.I know she loves me, Phyllis. I am sure of it. She practically told me so.Are you sure that's going to work?Wait, this isn't our floor. Dwight...Listen to me close. 'Cause I'm only gonna say this once. You either break off your engagement with that singing buffoon, apologize, and then date me, or you can say good-bye to this.I said I was only gonna say this once. You have until 6:14 PM. 6:14!Hey Phyllis, someone let the air out of your tires. Come quick.I had to get your attention. This is an emergency.Listen, she ignored my ultimatum. Now what?Okay, fine. I've moved on. Now how do I get her back?Wait, that's it? That's your advice? I thought you had some kind of big master plan.Oh. I get it. You're trying to secure your place as head of the party-planning committee. You're just being selfish.  And you slap like a girl.What did Phyllis do wrong? I'll tell you what Phyllis did wrong. She stuck her nose into my business and tried to help me.300 and one penny.350 and one penny.400 and one penny.500 and one penny.700 and one penny.Eh, it's not worth it.Disappear.Good morning temp.Thought I'd go casual today. Morning everyone. Good morning. Hello. How are you Phyllis?Andy.No I get it. I totally understand. And uh, I just want to assure you, that I mean no disrespect. You see, I'm applying!Well if somebody who barely out-sells Phyllis, can get in, I should be fine.I meant that as a compliment to you Phyllis, as well as a slight to Andy.Cornell is a good school, and I want to better myself through higher education. If it makes Andy angry, so be it.Hey there. So uh, how do you think we're gonna do against Penn this year? Nathan Ford's arm looks pretty strong.Not so. Cornell is an excellent school. Without its agricultural program, we probably wouldn't have cabbage. At least not modern cabbage.Someday, we'll both get together in Comstock Hall and just laugh about all of this.Excuse me?Andy, let's just talk about this man-to-man, after work.What do you say?Andy, I've been meaning to ask you, which a cappella group should I join? The Harmoniacs, or the Do-Re-Mi-Go's?That's a conflict of interest.Interview.What?Okay.Bring it.Dale Raymond Corson!Hmm, interviewing skills, sub-par.On the contrary, I'm helping Cornell. By evaluating their interviewers.Well, when they get my evaluation we'll see if they're interested."Interviewer is threatening applicant with an arbitrary review process.""Interviewer has suspect motives.""Interviewer has turned off applicant's interest in Cornell, and they are going to go to the vastly superior Dartmouth." Ever heard of it? I think I have everything I need.And you will be hearing from the --Cornell Application Department,And you will not be pleased with the result.And your affiliation with Cornell -Will end completely!That is all sir, you may go.Where did you get those?I see what you are doing. But I do not know where you are going with this.I heard someone got engaged, you dog, huh?Oh, nothing can hurt you now. You're a man in love!Bring it on.Sorry.What does it say?That's impossible.I sell more paper than anyone.Wait, is this a joke? I'm getting that queasy feeling that sometimes accompanies jokes.No, but that's sometimes part of it.Impossible to say. I can't see myself.What are you mumbling about?None of your business.Those can't be my scores, Jim. For your information --I'm being sabotaged.And I'm going to find that person and punish them.You're an idiot.No way.I didn't say anythingWhat do you think I am saying to you?!I've caught Jim talking to himself several times today. What a loser. Get a friend, loser.All right, fine.  Brrring.Hello, this is Dwight Schrute from the Dunder Mifflin Paper Company.Excellent, then you are in luck, because we are having a limited-time offer only on everything.What is your name, sir?Really, that's your real name?Yes, Michael.What? No, but I --Oh, no. What's wrong?Sorry, Mr. Buttlicker. As I was saying, we're having a limited--OK, as I was saying, right now we are having --OK, our prices have never been lower....never been lower!Buttlicker! Our prices have never been lower!He --Please, Mr. Buttlicker --Please give me another chance. Mr. Buttlicker.I have to put you on with my boss.Yeah!You are the master.Don't do it, Michael.Get in!Get in!Shh.  They might be listening to us.They might be listening to usCustomer service might be monitoring this conversation.You never know. Better safe than sorry.Who stands to benefit from our downfall?Could be the mob. But then Dunder-Mifflin would need to be a front for money laundering, and there's little evidence of that.I don't know. Two, maybe three if one wears out. How many shoes do you need?Who are you talking to?She's not here, Jim.Wait, shut up.Shh. Do you hear that?Breathing. Is that you?Well, stop. Hold your breath. I still hear it. Who's there? Kelly, is that you? Hold on.Hear anything interesting?I think you know.What are you up to, girl? Huh? Phyllis put you up to this? Stanley? Are they paying you?Of course I am. I know you're the mastermind, but you're too stupid to do it by yourself.Ah!OK.The reason that I got bad customer reviews is because I didn't! There is a massive conspiracy going on here, and I know you're involved.No.No. Why? No.Oh, man, I knew it. Who are her co-conspirators?Obviously. I knew it.Yeah. What?I was -- I was right.I was right.I knew it.I knew it the whole time, buddy!Yeah! Woo-hoo!I knew it! Yeah! Ha-ha! Woo!  Boom! Kelly the whole time. Let's get her.Let me paint you a picture of a little girl from southern India, who despite being welcomed into this country will now spend the rest of her life in prison for a crime she did commit.Oh, come on. You juked the stats, cupcake.We have our confession. I'm calling security.I want to be here when you fire her ass.Is that the Matsuhashi B-400? The world's tiniest Bluetooth?  May I?Congratulations on choosing Schrute Farms for your wedding.Well, then. Why don't you look over some of our materials?Please feel free to call or stop by, any time of the day or night.While you, my good friend, have nothing more to worry about. This wedding is officially out of your hands.OK.You already said deal.Wait, why do you need three suitcases?Do you have your money belt?No, no, no, no, no. You want to wear that puppy right up on the breastbone like a bra.Here, let me help you.Do you want to get robbed in a foreign country? I wash my hands of this.Who is that monkey?Know what?Oh, well, doesn't surprise me.Have you seen her painting, Jim? The building? There are shadows coming from two different directions.What? Are there two suns?Last I checked, that's not an office building in the Andromeda galaxy.It's totally unrealistic. There are no lines in the parking lot.You're back.Good. I need you to make five copies of these.Alright. First thing in the morning then.Brownies is it? Hm. Pastry cubes made of sugar and fat? No thank you, I'll stick with my jerkie.To socialize. And inform.He looks great.Well rested.Also, it's icky back there.Okay, fireable offenses include: workplace violence and sexual harassment.I love catching people in the act. That's why I always whip open doors.OkayI am the bait.Men find me desirable.Oh, it's a good day too. I'm wearing my mustard shirt.Mmhmm.Men find me desirable.Those are fighting words.I hope he doesn't haul off and just hit you.Hmmm?Come on.  Baaah!Hit him! Hit him, Chicken.Ryan. Come on, man?Punch him as hard as you possibly can in the face.Are you really not going to punch him?I thought you were going to parcel those out through the dayThere's still one thing we could do to get Toby fired.Frame him, for using drugs.Yeah, it's illegal, but... everything they do on The Shield is illegal.Oh I've framed animals before. I framed a raccoon for opening a Christmas present. And I framed a bear for eating out of the garbage.and he recently returned from a mysterious vacation in Central America. I have risked a great deal to tell you this information. My name is Andy Bernard. Andrew Bernard, that's my name. See you soon.Hey, Pam. Hey I got this, okay? Hello, officers, Dwight Schrute, former volunteer Sheriff's Deputy. Listen, I may have inside information that someone is hiding drugs in this very office.Officers, I reveal to you the perpetrator.Search his things.They don't need your permission, Flenderson, they've got the company's permission.Save your whining for the jury there, Flenderson.No! Michael, no!So wait a minute, there's no drugs?Gahh, dammit!  Come on!Wait, officers, are you sure you don't want to interrogate him?You have laws that protect you in any kind of interrogation. Why don't you use them?What is my perfect crime? I break into Tiffany's at midnight. Do I go for the vault? No, I go for the chandelier. It's priceless. As I'm taking it down, a woman catches me. She tells me to stop. It's her father's business. She's Tiffany. I say no. We make love all night. In the morning the cops come and I escape in one of their uniforms. I tell her to meet me in Mexico but I go to Canada. I don't trust her. Besides, I like the cold. Thirty years later, I get a postcard. I have a son and he's the chief of police. This is where the story gets interesting: I tell Tiffany to meet me in Paris, by the Trocadero. She's been waiting for me all these years; she's never taken another lover. I don't care, I don't show up. I go to Berlin. That's where I stashed the chandelier.Yeah, do tell.Mmhmm.How could it be more clear?Okay.We'll dig a trench. As long as it's downhill from the well, we should be fine.Well we're not gonna put out stumps, come on.This is where you'll have your receiving line. Of course we'll clear out all the livestock and hay and such.You're gonna need to be more specific.Manure covers up the small of the slaughterhouse.You wanna eat, don't you?...I'll consider it.There's a hose out back.Have you made a decision on the butter sculpture?Okay. Cow, goat or sheep. It's not that hard.Cats don't make butter.It doesn't make any sense.Cow, goat or sheep.Here's another place.So... why don't we try this out, we'll see what would happen. Give it a little test drive, what do you say? You pretend to be Angela's father, you will play Angela, and uh, I will pretend to be you. That way you can see what it looks like when you're up here.He doesn't understand a word you're saying.Although born just minutes from here, he speaks only German. Closed society. So, now, after the readings by all of your sisters, we will arrive at the vows. So, Konrad...  And then he's going to ask Angela if she would like to marry Andy, to which you will reply...And there we go. Okay, and that's just about it. Man and wife.I know you did. And that's why I have taken care of everything.Well Monkey, he's a real minister. And you said, "I do." And I said, "I do." And Andy wasn't signing a receipt; he was signing our marriage certificate as a witness.Yes, of course it does.It does in the state of Pennsylvania.Haha, Mrs. Schrute.Wha...My... It's not my fault you don't understand German; I've been telling you to take it for years!What is this?You're so pathetic. How long did this take you? Three hours?Yeah, no such thing. They don't give out black belts for things that are stupid.  Well, I hope it was worth it, cause I'm gonna take it apart in about five minutes.Really? If I can skin a mule deer in less than ten minutes, I ought to be able to cut my --These are not dolls, Jim. These are commodities. Same as gold or oil.Every year I do research to determine which toy will be the most popular of the Christmas season. This year it's a doll. Half girl, half unicorn. Catchphrase: "My horn can pierce the sky". Pathetic. I bought out every store in the area over the last couple of weeks. And as lazy parents become desperate I will sell them for an enormous profit. Isn't that right princess?I am simply punishing those parents that would wait till the last minute to get their child a gift. And such a genetically improbable one. Look at that. How does that happen? King has s*x with a unicorn? Man with a horn has s*x with a royal horse?They are now.All right.Oh, so glad I could help.Merry Christmas.Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-ka-ching.We got a live one! On fire!!Aye.No, I like Meredith.Actually, I don't care for Meredith, but I don't believe in this kind of thing. In the Schrute family we believe in a five fingered intervention.  Awareness, education, control, acceptance and punching.I stab her in the brain with a wooden stick.There are several ways to k*ll a zombie, but the most satisfying one is to stab it in the brain with a wooden stick.Oh, as fire marshal I would have to.She is a hazard to the other people of the office.I suppose I could do it if it was a controlled burn in a well ventilated area.Oh right, that'll take a couple of weeks.Really?$200.Oh, that's my last one.Not my problem.Well don't look so surprised.Aah!Yes!I was just jogging.Wait, what? You can't take what?No. You can't do that. It shouldn't come from you.Seems like you already know where.Trade seats with me.I've got a better angle on Pam. I can see everything.I need a soup spoon.Rule 17You've got to tell Andy about us.Get it over with. Then we don't have to hide anymore.Do you love me or not?Because you're engaged to Andy.Not yet.Angela said she was going to tell him. She's just not ready.I don't know.Yes.Eager.And flexible.Michael, once this gets out... I don't know how it's going to go down.Might get ugly.Have a good trip.If I'm sitting, I can't disable his neck or his groin.If I'm sitting, I don't have the option to.Andy.Oh good. She broke up with you.Uh, no way. I am not giving up.No I don't.Well I don't know about that, because she certainly seems to enjoy making lovemaking with me.Will never be her name.I don't think so.And I'm telling you that I will never back down.Oh really? How are you gonna do that?That is very general, and does not scare me in the slightest.Okay, fine! Good! A duel! The winner gets Angela.Fine!What is your weapon?Hey, this is none of your business.Yes!Outside of work.None of your business then.  Good. So what weapon?That is stupid. I will use a sword and I will cut off your bare hands.I will also be talking my break at the exact same time and in the same location.Mm.How'd that get there?Come on! Where are you? Let's do this thing! Come on! Come on out!Come on!Where are you?Come on, coward! Where are you? Where...Alas, after much consideration and deliberation...Whoa! What are you! Hey! Hey!Come on! Ow! Ah! Aah!Never!  Get out and face me like a man!You're not a man! You don't know how to take care of her!  "La la la la la la la la la la!" What does that mean? You can't even protect her!Last year, idiot!No. My right one's falling asleep a little bit.Yeah, back off. This isn't your fight. Oh, how much is this gonna cost?I sa-Sasquatches are the strongest animal on the planet! So fine, call me a Sasquatch!What?She's sleeping with you?She said she was only sleeping with me.What's this?Hmm. It wasn't here before.Yours doesn't.No, it's going in a different direction then the other wires.What if the owner of Prince Family Paper has a beautiful daughter and we have to seduce her in order to get their secrets?No, I wanna seduce her.Please Michael, please.You'll fall in love with her.Okay, let's go over the plan again.Your fictitious name?I am a paper salesman looking for a new job. I find out everything about their expenses and salaries.Then we meet at the Denny's......and then we compare notes.No!You know how I feel about IHOP.Are you socialist?I'll have a cup of a coffee.Store only has three employees.It means they are not expanding.No.No because their sign is centered perfectly above their store. No sign of the sign being moved.Its lunch time, and no sign of anyone coming in or out. Which means they are not taking new customers out to lunch.Which Means they're not acquiring new business. So once again no growth.Oh, it would if they were all cumulous and not cirrostratus.Get your clouds right.So you go in now, I am going to go in exactly ten minutes. We have never met each other. We are complete strangers. Also, we are going to need a signal to bolt out of there if there is danger. Lick ur lips, try it.  Good.Yeah.Hello, I would like to apply for a job.Why don't you just get rid of this guy?I'm your son now; you can visit him on holidays. Dwight Schrute, I'm a paper salesman at a second tier paper company called Dunder Mifflin. I'm the top salesman there and I'm looking for a new challenge. I would say you guys have what, 40 high full volume clients?Pshaw, that's nothing. I've 90 clients myself. You had better look out, someone might run you out of business.Me too.My boss, his insensitivity might border on cruel. This is a man who does not listen to the needs his underlings.It's going very well.Excuse me sir, I took the bus here and was wondering if I could catch a ride home with you in your car.Thank you very much.Thank you for your time I look forward to getting your calls.Cmon.All their top clients I can't believe it.Someone's looking out the window. Go go, Peel out, go.You drove over that. Go backThat's not good.Oh my God.Oh man,Not good.Yeah.You've done more then you can possibly know.He drove over the divider and then backed over it and caused the..How much longer is this going to take?This is disgusting, what is it this, instant?I look forward to hearing from you about that job application.Goodbye prince family,  Bye bye.Its simple, David would use that information to destroy them.They could do better.What?I'm not familiar with that expression,It doesn't make sense, of course I'm alive.Michael, you have to. Have you ever seen a lioness devour its cub? Have you ever seen a baboon devour its mate? Have you ever seen a raccoon devour a squirrel?Your heart is a wonderful thing, Michael. But it has made some terrible decisions.Yes.Yeah.Yeah, save your heart for love, and use your brain for business, right? If we don't do this to prince paper, someone else will. Worse yet, someone else will do it to us.There was a terrible war, ugh, so many died. Far too many died. But if Frodo hadn't destroyed the ring, then goodness itself might have died.Yeah.Good, so,  where are you going?Where are you taking the client list?Michael, Michael, no. Michael, give that. Michael, don't do this. No.Freeze, give me the list!No no no, I can't let you do this!Its business, not personal.Its over, Michael, its over.Guess whose stock just went up, golden boy?Last week I gave a fire safety talk.Does anyone smell anything smoky?Oh, fire! Oh my goodness! What's the procedure? What do we do, people?Oh, how did that happen?No, we don't know that. The smoke could be coming through an air duct.What's the procedure, everyone? What's the procedure?Wait, wait, wait.No! No, Michael! No! Touch the handle. If it's hot, there could be a fire in the hallway.Not a viable option.Okay, what's next?Oh! Here's a door. Check that one out. How's the handle?Well, uh, another option.Back to our options. Jeez! Ok! settle down everyone. No bunching!Things can be replaced, Phyllis! People, human lives, however, can...Okay, let's go.Calm, pleaseHave you ever seen a burn victim?Okay! Procedure, procedure. Exit options. Where do we go folks? Wha-- Use a what to cover the mouth?A what? A rag. A damp rag, perhaps. Let's remember those procedures. What are the options? Okay, that's the wrong way. We've already tried that. Remember your exit points. Exit points people.What's next?How about 911? Anyone? 911.Use the surge of fear and adrenaline to sharpen your decision-making.Attention everyone! Employees of Dunder Mifflin! This has been a test of our emergency preparedness. There is no fire. It was only a simulation.Fire not real. This was merely a training exercise.  Oh come on. It's not real Stanley. Don't have a heart attack.A lot of ideas were not appreciated in their time.Shampoo.I just want to say for the record, I did not k*ll anyone. Stanley was attacked by his own heart. And he should be released from the hospital and back in the office in a couple days.Yes I shouted "fire!". I shouted many things! I also shouted instructions on how to get out of the building, so you can imagine my frustration as safety officer when nobody would heed of what-- heeded--When no one hedded--N-no one would take hedded of my instructions.So, you--And, well, I don't see my co-workers--Hee-heeding this right now.No.PETA.Well... I guess we papered over that pretty nicely.  It always amuses me when corporate thinks they can make some big change with a twenty minute meeting in some fancy high-rise. What's the matter? You hungry?Don't you worry about that. I got it covered. Okay?I am planning a b*mb scare that should really get the blood pumping.What? You?Come on.That's preposterous.This is a farce. I should be teaching this course.Absolutely I would not.Okay, he's dead. Anyone know what we do next? Anybody? Rose?Anyone else?Wrong. Ehh. Check for an organ donor card. If he has one, we only have minutes to harvest.He is.Get me some ice and a styrofoam bucket.  Here we go.We search for the organs. Where's the heart? The precious heart.Clarice?I didn't think it was very realistic in the movie and it turns out, it's pretty realistic.Wow.I have."I state my regret."I could not, because I do not feel it. Okay, everyone. I am going to need you to sign this statement of regret as an acknowledgement that you heard it. Okay? Everyone come on up here. It's not a big deal.Yeah, right. I filled him full of butter and sugar for 50 years and forced him not to exercise. Now, take a lesson from Stanley and jog on up here and sign this, okay? Make a line. Just form a line right here. Sign it! Sign it now!Nothing stresses me out. Except having to seek the approval of my inferiors.Speaking of which...May I have your attention please? Sign in, sign in on the sign in sheet, the clipboard. This meeting is mandatory, if you do not sign in your name will not be counted. Thank you.That was the last signature I needed.How dare you all attack him like this.Michael is your superior.Okay, you should be bowing down in front of him.Ok, no, they don't understand who they have...You're interrupting me. I'm trying to get your back.Are you calling me an idiot?Don't you ever talk to me that way. You pathetic, short little man. You don't have any friends, or any family, or any land.It's very unusual for Michael not to show up to work. My guess? He's either deeply depressed, or an icicle has snapped off his roof and impaled his brain. He has this terrible habit of standing directly underneath them and staring up at them. And I always say Michael, take two steps back, and stare at the icicle from the side. And he's like no, I like the way they look from standing directly underneath them.Attention everyone I just got a text from Michael. He says personnel day. Are we hiring?Oh, that's quite a leap Pam.Got it.Hey. Why are you wearing a turtleneck?Excuse me, that is no way to address a superior.Go ahead, you do it.I insist.What he said was......there was a problem with having one head of the party planning committee. She becomes too powerful, so he appointed two heads.That's on my side.If you say screw you one more time...Hey, HEY.Oh God.What kind of cake do you want imbecile.Well, I'm not done yet.They match the carpetIt's a statement of fact.This is more professional. It's not like she discovered a cure for cancer.Are you trying to hurt my feeling? Because if so, you are succeeding. Fortunately, my feelings regenerate at twice the speed of a normal man's.Have you collected the money from everyone?How much do you have?That's how much you and I contributed! I... Damn it Jim!Dwight Schrute.Who is this?Mose doesn't know how to use a phone. So joke's on you.Uh, 24. 37.I have here Kelly Kapoor's personal and confidental file. Allow me to share.What did you do?What did you do?What did you learn in there? I bet you learned things, huh? Like how to fashion a shiv, hmm?Why don't you tell Jim where you were from ages 14 to 15.In juvie.Juvie... nile... Detention Center. Where they send teenagers!For reha-What did you do? Huh?Yeah, if she's old enough to get married, she's old enough to follow the law.  What did you do?I thought you said yesterday was your birthday!Frosting.Nice job on the cake, Bozo!Busy!Oh, my God. Is this how you are with Pam? 'Cause she must want to shoot herself in the face.You know what? I'm a little busy.It's not effeminate. It's festive.You have to write my suggestions down, too.It's in the name.You're right, forget horse hunting. It's stupid.Here's one. It was dark, warm, wet. A sudden burst of light. An intense pressure like I'd never felt before. Father, dressed in white, pulls me forward. Mother bites the cord.Schrutes don't celebrate birthdays, idiot. It started as a Depression-era practicality, and then moved on to an awesome tradition that I look forward to every year.  What about you?That's cool. Hey, you know what's even cooler than triceratops? Every other dinosaur that ever existed.Hey, it's not a surprise.Told you.Our theme, if you will.That's our theme.Oh, yes! Okay, good. So what's it gonna be, Kapoor?No.Okay, nap it is! Everyone out! Get out! We're gonna be eating cake at our desks. Let's go.Move it! Let's go, go, go, go, go. I got this.Mm, great cake.Ayyyy!So sexy it becomes hostile.Yeah, deal with it Pam!Having trouble finding a vein?How about now?I train my major blood vessels to retract into my body on command. Also, I can retract my pen1s up into itself.You're right. OK everyone, back to work.A net? a giant net?What do you have in mind?Oh God, that's a terrible idea.No.Lonely people mixing with one another? Breeding? Creating an even lonelier generation? Ha, you're not allowing natural selection to do its work. Pssh. You're like the guy who invented the seat belt.Hey. No movement.Eh, its not that early.I'm ok. Feel a little lopsided because of all the blood they took out of my right side.Oh. Meh.Eh.Hello.Dwight K. Schrute. Why don't you introduce me to your little friend?  Hi, Dwight.I can untie any knot. I'm serious. Name a knot, any knot. Go ahead.You shouldn't believe everything you hear. In fact, there are many knots that I cannot untie. So where does a woman as charming as yourself find herself employed on a day such as today.You must use a lot of paper....and the kind of discounts we're talking about are not... hold on - Michael, Why do you keep looking at the front door?Is somebody after you?Hey, it just takes one!Oh, not likely. 3 billion woman on the planet, most of them live in Asia so the numbers just don't add up.So basically, the greater volume you decide to buy in, the greater discount we can give you.OK, what's up?Oh-oh-oh before you go, I'd just love to get a firm commitment on this. You know maybe sign--OK. Well, thanks for wasting my time tonight, idiot. God!Thanks, Michael.I got a knock-knock joke.OK, Michael, please, please, please, please, please let me.Knock, knock.KGB.We will ask the questions!What are you doing?Hey! Hey! Stop it! Stop it!C'mon. What are you doing? Mine was a part of my hilarious joke.I'm not answering it.No way, it's the KGB.I'm not answering that. You answer it.I'm not gonna answer it, it's the KGB.It's true.That was your idea.You did. Several times. Over and over again.You were dressed as Willy Wonka so...Wasn't my idea. Loved - but I can't.You don't keep a diary.Hold that thought.  March... 4th. Michael Scott came up with golden ticket idea to give five customers ten perfect off for one year.To keep secrets from my computer.Impossible.I wasn't given candy as a child, so a movie that fetish-ized it that much, would have made no sense to me. Plus, we weren't allowed to see movies. So... do the math.Had conversation with Michael about taking credit for an idea that wasn't mine. Discussed movies.With all my heart.OK, what am I thinking right now?No... How skin is the largest organ of the body.Oh, not gonna happen.I did fall on my sword once. I was running with it in my belt. Won't happen again.What about Shoe La La?I love working here and I do not want to leave.Well...We discussed the fact that I'm cooped up here instead of experiencing the whole wide world.No plowing my own acres. Going around shirtless all day. You know experiencing freedom.Try me.I haven't made a decision yet.No.He said he would do the same for me.I'm gonna go back to work. After I write you up for insubordination.David... you're welcome.That's what she said!Inspiration.You never know when it's gonna strike. Just... boom.Apology rejected.Oh Pam.Thanks old man.Yeah.'Cause I've got this idea...Alright.OK guys, listen up. Here's the deal. I love candy. Sweet sugary candy from the second it touches my tongue to the moment it's metabolized by my stomach acids, so naturally I liked Willy Wonka.So I love Willy Wonka. That golden ticket scene is so inspiring to me that that's where I cam up with that idea .Pam...That is my idea.It is my idea.It is my idea. I'm filled with good ideas. Thousands of good ideas.Horse Boat.A canoe built around your horse so you can go from riding to water travel without slowing down. Horse Boat!Oh give me a break.That's because they're easy!Women's urinals... uh...Yes, it's Michael's idea that he forced on me on threat of death.Oh I am. In my own words.No.No, Michael.No!Ding dong.KGB.When you are done, open the door. ... Hello in there?We have more houses to visit.We will come back at... how is  4:45?How about 5:15?Very well, we will come back at 5:15.Michael, since it is your fifteenth anniversary at the company, I thought it might be appropriate to begin the festivities with a fifteen-minute round of applause.Followed by a fifteen minute moment of silence.Jim! Enough with the classy, ok?Michael, you're just agreeing with him because he's wearing a tux. Don't you see what he's doing here?Oh, here's oneMr. Peanut is not classy.He is a regular peanut. He just happens to have a cane, a monocle and a top hat.Ok, how about this? An ice sculpture, shaped like you, covered in chocolate-covered strawberries.Well, I'm sorry, I just don't know what classy is then.I said that!Originally founded in 1866, Scranton quickly became one of Pennsylvania's largest anthracite coal-mining communities.We'll finish it up later, but essentially what we're talking about is...What about your party?Ask him about the party.No the other thing.He hung up?Oh, Michael, come on, no. You have to charm 'em.Hey there, gorgeous. How you doing today?How's it hanging?Good. Listen, my name is, uh, Michael... Scotch. And, uh, I just wanted to say that, uh, I've got David Wallace's son in the trunk of my car. If he doesn't get on this phone in 5 seconds-Excellent.Any really good headhunter would storm your village at sunset with overwhelming force and cut off your head with a ceremonial knife,Do you want me to translate the German instructions for you?Typical American ignorance that got us involved in a war we never should have been in. World War II.Deutsch... let me see here. That is either an incense dispenser, or a ceremonial sarcophagus.My German is pre-industrial and mostly religious.Your own paper company.Right...What a courageous venture.Location is hard for me, with the farm and the responsibilities...Okay. So yeah.You know, I would love to put a pin in that.No.Hustle!Way to go.What?This is how I breathe.If you want to tell me -Oh no! The new boss does not find Jim adorable! Ohhhh!Really, Jim? I had no idea you played soccer. 'Cause you never, ever talk about it.Wow.You can be so modest sometimes.Maybe you and Charles should kick the soccer ball around.Maybe you will tonight after work. What do you say?Great ideas are just part of what I bring to the table.I don't try and be anything that I'm not.Jim, what do you say?Game on!Wing.Yeah, Jim. Why would an experienced soccer player like yourself duck at the very last moment?Let me check.  Oh nope! Clearly a hunter. Who knows how to throw an outfit together.Yes, I am taking Andy hunting after work. Not long ago we were sexual competitors. I used to hate him, hate him, hate him, hate him. I studied him, to figure out why I hated him so much. But that blossomed into a very real friendship, as these things often do.You know there's a ghost in this officeA woman was m*rder*d on this very floor in 1816. Haddie McGonagle. She was a prostitute.Oh, this whole place used to be a brothel. There was a tavern on the ground floor.Yeah isn't it? She was bludgeoned to death by the business end of a riding crop.It was gruesome. They say she walks these hallways. If you ever feel a tapping on your shoulder?That could be Haddie. Begging for her life. And it could mean, that you're next.Just kidding. You finding everything okay?Yeah?Erin  Erin...Hey buddy.Hey buddy, what are you up to?Listen, when I saw you talking to Erin earlier, I noticed that your pupils dilated, and your skin flushed, and I'm assuming, a little bit of blood rushed into your pen1s.Well, a little bit of blood rushed into mine as well, so where does that leave us?And I, yours. So I will cede her to you.No no no.Look I just want you and I to hang out so, you know. Just,  Boom.You're good.Oh it's good, you're coming along. It's really technically proficient but really there's no heart or soul in it.Hey you want to sing with me? Almost heaven...In German! Leben ist dort alt, alter als die Baume, Junger als die Berge, wie eine Brise blasendTake it Andy! Take me home, to the place I belong, Ba bah dah duhCherry Pie, Warrant.No! Really?Enter Sandman, Metallica.Rebel Yell, Billy IdolReally?These sleeves are cutting off my circulation. Not enough blood getting to my hands.Doesn't Charles know he's compromising my attack readiness? It's not a dress code. It's a death sentence.'Kay, thank you. It's a straight jacket!  Okay.When Michael was in charge, this place was like the Roman Empire. And the Wild West. And war-torn Poland. And Poland. There was just a lot going on, so what you wore to work was the least of anybody's worries. And in that chaos, I soared.Hey. Ed's Tires is thinking of making a change.They have some great kitchen ideas.It's small, I know.Thanks, Michael.  Wait, what is this?Wh- I don't need $6 to help a friend.Michael, you know I can't take this.But don't forget you owe me $10.Michael.You needed to speak to me?I prefer to stand. Less blood clots.Do you mean compared to the ways things ran with other bosses? Comparisons are hard.Your concern is noted.Like a wolf. Thank you.Really?It's firm.I don't know that I can do that now. You know, uh, something's come up.No, Mose is fine. I roped it off. It's not about Mose. Listen, things are changing here, Michael, they're changing fast.Imagine... Someone has a personal hero they really wanna help. But then there's this new guy. Very cool, very Will Smith-esque, who would not like it if he helped his hero.Good, do you see what I'm saying?No.No.It is possible that I could be talking about us.It is the situation that we are in now.I'm not a barbarian.I will.Yes?I've said too much.I'm sorry, MichaelI did, Michael. I was upset about the shirt sleeves at first, but now I'm okay with it.Dwight Schrute.I think you have the wrong number, Michael.Mr. Schofield, please?Dammit!I have a long term relationship with Harper Collins publishers and Mr. Schofield. I'm not worried.And you have bad skin. Oh, look everyone, we're all making observations!And no, I cannot lower my current prices.  Hold on. Hello? Mr. Schofield, thank you so much for taking the time to talk. I wanted to discuss your contract with us- oh, you're considering him. I thought Michael Scott left the paper business after his nervous breakdown.Michael has been talking to my biggest client. Master and apprentice pitted against one another for the fate of the greater Scranton area paper market. So it's not exactly like 'Highlander,' but still...I would like to arrange a truce.Meet me in our spot in four minutes.Michael.In which direction?At what time?That-Sorry.Michael.You were making me do things that were not all right.And not come through for you?I want a truce.Let me take you and your whole company out for lunch at Alfredo's.I had fish yesterday.Oh, hi, Michael. I'm so sorry I'm late. I got stuck in traffic.I hit a bear.He's technically fine. I imagine the true horror will be when he wakes up in a zoo.  Hey, listen, will you do me a favor and order the meatball parm for me, with extra cheese?Ok, I will see you very soon, alright?Did you enjoy your lunch?No, Michael, you were sabotaged.Me.I broke it.Yes.You think this is some kind of game? No, this is a war, and I will not stop, I will not rest. You have no idea what kind of enemy you've created. You have unleashed the wolf!And I knew that you would do that. The meatball parm is their worst sandwich!Hi there. Dwight Schrute here. I was just calling to see if Michael Scott Paper was meeting all of your paper needs, and how is  Brenda, age four, ponytail, and Simon, age 7? Oh, you don't say."Tall" and "beets."And say hello to Cheri, who is your black wife.  I see you're begging for mercy, huh? Well, you will find none here.Sure. That'd be fine.This is war and that is what happens.Oh, no. No. No. No. No.Michael! Michael!Don't let him in! He's a traitor! Michael!Are you saying you invented paper?It's not the soil! It's the manure! Paper is the manure! On-time delivery is the soil! Aah!Spin move.Ha ha! April 13th, 2002.I barge because I care. April 13th, 2002, that is the date when you tried to switch paper providers for an obscure sociology textbook, but were hung out to dry when the price of glossy stock increased.La la la! Continuing. Notice my persistence and recall. Continuing! You called Dunder Mifflin, and your order was filled within an hour!Come on.What he's not telling you is that he will abandon you.Thank you, Mr. Schofield, for your time. Much appreciated. Oh, and tell me, um, how's your gay son?How is Tom, the homosexual sophomore?Shame, Jim. I expected more.It's not your fault. Some people just don't want to be inspired.Been there, done that.David Wallace! Hello, we've been expecting you, David Wallace. Charles and I were waiting for you.Come along, afterthought.Stupid. Yeah, makes us look weak.I say we fill Michael's office with bees. My apiarist owes me a favor.Five minutes exactly.Sure thing.Idiot, we're starting back up. This is Dwight, by the way.Let me float something out there, okay? Can I just say-- can I say something?There is a hive of bees outside the front door. We kidnap the queen, extract her alarm pheromones, place them on a flushable wipe, put that in his bathroom.Oh, Man! If only Michael had children. That's how you really apply the pressure.You know what? Why don't I do it, okay? Michael adores me. I'm the man for this job. Charles, you got my back on this?Well, Jerry, the one who got away. May I ask why you're leaving the Michael Scott Paper Company? Really? Please hold.  Charles.May I have your attention? The Michael Scott Paper Company is broke.They've been calling all of their clients and begging them to pay more money. That can only mean one thing. They're desperate. Which can only mean one thing. They're total failures.Quiet you.You don't crack a case. That has pejorative connotation. That's like calling a policeman a cop. You solve a case, and yes, I've solved plenty.I'm gonna answer Charles first.Okay, one. Case of the beet bandit. Missing beets from all over the farm. No footprints. Inside job. Mose in socks. Boom, case closed.Done.I'm not-- I'm not following you.Wh--Wh--what are you doing?Wait, what?Yeah , aren't we getting those clients back?You were bought out. So the company then bought out all of the stolen clients.Fresh hot ink.Trust me, Stanley, you're going to want to read this memo very carefully.No, no. This goes for all of you. Believe me, you are going to want to heat my words.When held over heat the invisible ink will reveal that everyone should meet at the warehouse immediately. Do not ask me where I got the invisible ink. Urine. It was urine.Okay, what are you still doing at your desk?Did you even read the memo?No, you idiot. There is a code embedded in the memo. Listen, you need to round up all the salesmen, except for Ryan and Pam, and get them down to the warehouse pronto.Stop doing rhyming poetry. Just tell them, please. God, the simplest thing.We're in crisis mode here, do you understand? The two unqualified so-called salespeople are being favored because they all failed together. And frankly, I'm not convinced that Michael and Pam didn't have a thing going while they were gone.No, you're too close.Stanley, how do you feel about those two taking your clients?He doesn't like it.Her face is okay, but-- Jesus! What --what are you doing here?Get out! We need to do something. I'm thinking maybe a coup or we take Ryan hostage.No, I'm not saying we do those things. I'm saying something like those things.Excellent question.Words will never be enough.No, pictures are too interpretive.Oh. Well, that--that's a great idea, Jim. Oh, I totally see your point. Okay, we'll talk to Michael directly. So uh, meeting is over, I guess. I'll see everyone upstairs.C'mon.  Guys. Psst, listen. Now is the time for action. I'm talking action--Lunch.It's pony.Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Give me the phone. Give me the phone.That's my client.Give me the phone.Give me the phone. Tell him Dwight Schrute wants to talk to him.Hi, Mr. Bart.Hey, it's Dwight here. Give me the phone.Dwight Schrute here. Hey, don't hang up.I know times are tough right now, and I laud your thriftiness.  Ryan!Ah! Mr. Bart! Ugh! [slams phone down[ I cannot believe you lost that account. He was my client for ten years!You're a secretary! What do you know?And you're a temp and I'm taking your phone. I'm confiscating this.We want our clients back or we quit, Michael.No, we gotta be deadly serious. We'll start our own paper company. The Schrute-Bernard-Lapin-Vance...Stanley Paper Company.Right.Gasp. Are you talking about a secret meeting?I don't know that first things about secret meetings.I'll do--I'll do the best I can.Deceit does not come easy to me.That's fair.Listen up, Flenderson. You're being weak and ineffectual. I'm cowboying this meeting, okay? Here are the new rules. Earth tones only. Also, women are forbidden to wear pants.No.That's debatable.Shut up.I got her!I do.Erin, how many times do I have to tell you? It is not necessary for you to ask us how we are doing every time you interact with us.Now, how can I help you?Attention, office. Who here is planning a trip to Youngstown, Ohio? I will take your silence to mean that you are all hiding something. This location is the Superior Court -It is a big deal. Cause there's only a handful of reasons why someone would ever go to a courthouse in Ohio and not be charged with a crime. To claim an inheritance from a deceased relative. To obtain a learner's permit at age 14 and a half instead of 15. Erin, let me see your birth certificate.No.All work and no play makes Michael a dull boy.Hey! Hey, hey, hey! I got your text. Who's Phillip?Who tipped you over? Was it Phillip?Yeah. Back injuries are common. Not as common as knee injuries but more common than wrist injuries.What do you think history is?Out of the way! Move it or lose it!You want to get sick you go to the hospital.I'm gonna need two able bodied men.You comfy? Alright? Alright. Relax. Relax, ok?Come on. Relax. The shirt wasn't doing you any favors. If my assessment in correct, you grind your teeth?No kidding! She sits three feet from me. It's the most annoying thing.  It's like children singing Christmas carols.Tell me where it hurts.Oh yeah. you've got a knot in your crest. This remedy has been passed down in my family for generations. and it always works. My grandfather was told that Diamond Dancer would never race again. they were wrong. He came in 9th in the Apple Creek Derby and his jerky came in 3rd the following year. A majestic beast. So fast. So tender.This is oil from the gland of an otter. It keeps their fur water resistant, as well as traps heat. Now I need you to lie still for an hour.Whoa! Whoa, whoa, girl. Whoa. Whoa.I'm gonna with the python.No. Please. I find the rattle soothing. It puts me to sleep.What's so funny?Ordinarily I would say no but you need to move to reduce lactic acid build-up. Also, this song is fantastic.You can't steal what is legally your property.What do you need from me?Normally I don't condone leaving early, but I have an appointment with the horse doctor. How that horse became a doctor, I don't know.  No, I'm kidding. He's just a regular doctor who shoots your horse in the head when its leg is broken.Like clockwork.Bye Michael!  Yeah!I'm gonna say 30.Good point, but, thought of that already. Combination SPF/repellent.Of course. You think the EPA would ever allow that much DEET?Rolph is my best friend. We met in a shoe store. I heard him asking for a shoe that could increase his speed and not leave any tracks.Listen up everyone! I've gone over this lineup very carefully. We cannot forget the humiliation we suffered last year at the softball game with Jim's whole spider-in-the-mitt incident. Right?Erin, back row. Ryan, you move up a row!Why? I don't understand.Woah, woah, woah. W-w-wait a minute. I get it. You want her to set you up so you can spike it.I'll tell you what, I'm gonna do you one better. I'm gonna put you next to Phyllis. She is the best setter on the team.Sly dog.Come on, folks!Ohh! Oh, Kevin! Come on!I could've gotten that, idiot!It's not a sledgehammer! Come on, people! We need to get our heads in the game! Let's focus! Come on, you're better than this! I am better than this! Phyllis, why are you sitting on the ground?!Oh come- Ryan, come on, man! W-w-wait. Net. Net. Her hand's on the net.Rule violation. Ball is ours. Give it to me. Our point. Okay. Hey, Pam, how ya doin? Hey, do you know if you're right-handed or left-handed? Or do you even know? What hand do you use to answer the phone?Yes! We advance to the next round!Hit it Andy!Don't set it to yourself!What happened?You weren't even moving.  Okay, sub!Okay, Rolph! Woah. Wait, wait-Listen guys, one more point and we play corporate.Hey, people need volleyball now more than ever.Because if we don't play, then the other team wins.Okay, knock it off, Rolph.Rolph, please. I am asking nicely-Rolph, leave it alone!Pam!Tell you what. I spotted a small hospital a few kilometers south of here. Get her back as soon as possible. I'll stall 'em.Oh man, I am so mad that Pam got hurt! Argh!! Rrrraah!!!Okay. Fine.Except, you know what? It's not fine. How many people need to get hurt before we learn a valuable lesson? One? Two? Three? Four?No, no, hear me out. Five? Six?Seven? Can I finish please?Eight?Extreme! Parkour!Andy! Leapfrog!Yeah!  Parkour! Parkour!Okay.Let's do it!Good. Excellent. Thank you.Yes. Umm... see those files behind Kevin's desk?Go put them all in random order.Then come back here for your next assignment concerning their order.Okay, let me finish this thought.He most definitely does. He's been asking her out repeatedly for weeks. She finally said yes. They went out on a group date the other night; apparently it went very well.Okay, what is it, what can't I guess?Stanley's way past the middle of his life. Especially considering his height to weight ratio.Present these to the dean for credit. And, as a gift, I've attached my card. Call me any time of the day or night.Well now you can't call me at all. Problem solved.Look at the intern to your left. Now to your right.  will make a great mother. It's up to you to choose which you want to be.Michael...Who's the father?Hmmm, interesting. How did the ladder end up on top of you, if you fell off of it?Oh really, I'm sorry I thought this was a free country. I didn't know we were in communist Sweden.Nnnnn, that's not... okay.I'm talking about... hmmm.So long Darryl, feel better...  He's lying.Oh? From who, Dr. J? Look, you really need to investigate this. People don't just fall off of ladders.Since when have you known Darryl to rush to do anything other than to come up here for birthday cake?  Y'all having birthday cake?Please... and how many foremen do you know that pull boxes?It just doesn't add up.Nah, that's a GE. A P40 is much higher pitched.I have been my whole life.I'm rebuilding a turn of the century steam engine in my slaughter house.Yeah.Yeah, it's just a run of the mill slaughter house, but sure anytime.Wa... wa... wait , someone's coming.Here, get down! He's not using crutches! Get the camera!Oh, worker's comp, my ass!Toby...Ooohhh...  Oh man! You okay?I need to see your pupils. I need to see if they're dilated.We thought that she was you.Are you... are you serious? Be... cause you look exactly alike. Am I the only one? Are you getting this?Aww, Darryl.Wait! They're using the lift as their own personal elevator.He broke his ankle climbing over the railing and he lied about it because it was a misuse of company equipment, case closed.Really? Then why is there new wood only on one railing? Hmmm? We should check the security tapes Toby.Yes!Now, I would like to file an official complaint to corporate because Darryl lied on an official form.Phhhht. No judge is gonna believe that...Okay people, listen up, I have an announcement to make, fraud was committed...I'm... I was making it.AHHHHHHHHHHHH!Could you please sign my expense report?Sign this.Sign it.Idiot.I have a complaint about Jim.I would like to file a huge, enormous, massive complaint about the tallest guy in our office.Jim won't sign my expense report.No, that is huge.This has to do--I'd like to lodge a complaint.You!One minute ago.Angry.No.No.No.Wait, stop writing that. That is not true.I'm not cr-- uhh!I deserved that promotion, not Jim. Oh, man. Makes me want to put him in a triangle choke hold and force him down to the ground and just keep pressing and pressing. And then flip him over and then put him in a hammer lock! And he's gasping, he's panting! Every last breath! And the crowd is going crazy. And boom! I emerge victorious!  Aha! $18,000 and a chance at the title! Ooh hah!This is ridiculous! How could he do this to us?!What about all these people, huh?! How is it fair to them?!Her kid needs shoes, Jim!And Jim!I think it was Creed.People are starting to notice how terrible Jim is. It's great. Eventually, they'll rise up and revolt. My only hope is that they do it sooner rather than later. If the people here were our founding fathers, the Revolutionary War would have been delayed ten years, because Stanley Washington was napping, and Phyllis Hancock was still signing the declaration, and Kevin Jefferson was distracted by a butterfly.Come on in.  That's right. Come in, feast your eyes. They determine our worth by putting beans upon our faces.Things were not this bad when just Michael was manager.Are we idiots?  What right does Jim have to claim authority, hmm? Is he as good a salesman as I? Is he as matronly as Phyllis? There are moments where we can affect change. For a few seconds every decade, we exist, and these are those seconds! Let us storm his castle! Come on! Tick-- let's get him. Tock-- let's get Jim! Tick-- and drag Jim out of his office! Tock-- take his keys away from him! Tick-- that's a clock! The time is getting very close! It's now or never! What say you?!No, I mean, what do you say to my plan?  Okay.Pam is constantly throwing up because of the pregnancy. If she eats something the fetus doesn't like she is screwed. It's amazing. A three ounce fetus is calling the shots. It's so bad ass.Oh, gee, I'm sorry. I guess I missed the meeting where we all all voted for you to get pregnant. No! I reserve the right to peel my hard-boiled eggs at my desk.Come on. You've got to be kidding me.We'll see.But you can say that about anything.What happens in accounting, stays in accounting.It's easy. That's what I'm saying.I stole the guest list from Jim's desk and I search engined every female on both sides of the family.Yes.For instance, Pam's cousin, Jocelyn Webster.Two years ago she was selling a mountain bike.Well... she was really into mountain biking but not so much lately.She had a couple hundred dollars to spend, I mean, if she was able to sell her bike.Well, if this is in fact her because it is a very common name.What? No way!Oh. God.You know what? I made you a cd...Mmm-hmm.This is to play when you bring a woman back to your hotel room.You're gonna like this.Yeah. It's practical.The proximity to the falls makes everything smell like a basement.Dwight Schrute. I have a reservation. Confirmation number: Romeo. Tango. G7745.And I had spoken to Teresa about a room with two safes?Ok.No way. What if I meet someone?No. No.You would?Really?Wait a second. Oh. No, no, no. This must be some kind of mistake. This reservation seems to be under an M. Scott. This must be yours.Oh no. Now that I don't have a room, can I stay with you?Please?Mmm-hmm.Ok. Ok. A-ha-ha!  That was a test. You have failed. For this is my room. You would not share with me.No you do not.It worked.From quarter three to quarter four up 17 percent, while his sales down two percent. It's all in the report.Excellent question. Because while I was busy trying to improve the company and make it a success, Jim... the bad man was busy kissing the boss man's butt.That's right. It is ew. It is very ew.It's just for family.Isabel Poreba. Oh, I've got stuff on her.  In 1996 her tenth grade volleyball team went 10-2.That's a very good record.Knight Rider.No.Very smart.What? It's a casual, social outfit.No. They're howling at the moon. It's suggestive to women because of the howling during s*x.I'm just worried about the farm, ya know? Mose hates to geld the horses by himself.Nine and three-quarters.I invented a device called 'Burger on the Go'. It allows you to obtain 6 regular size hamburgers, or 12 sliders, from a horse without killing the animal. George Foreman is still considering it. Sharper Image is still considering it. Sky Mall's considering it. Hammacher Schlemer is still considering it. Sears said, 'No'.Michael.Drop this one. Abort.I found twins.Aren't they magnificent?I love finding a good set of twins.Hey-O!Congratulations.Oh my goodness.You'll have Pam to answer to."Jim... hey why don't you braid my hair. I want to watch TV."You have everything?Cell phone? Charger?It really is. I'm not hungry. I ate a whole bunch of sunflower seeds after you went to sleep. And besides, I wouldn't want to take you away from Pam on the morning of her wedding. She needs you Isabel.You know it.Okay, get out of here.Okay.Really? I hadn't noticed. Too busy knocking boots.I'm ravenous after a night of love making. You?Hey, what was she like?Brides side or grooms side? Or townie?No kidding.I bet she had hairy armpits.Isabel was nice, but I hope she doesn't think this is going anywhere.No.Oh please. Put a g*n in my mouth.Look. She's a dental hygienist from Carbondale and she makes love like one. She's a bumpkin. Pass.You should ask her out.I got them a set of turtle boiling pots, a shell hammer and bibs.That was an intelligent comment.Oh. Fine. Isabel,  nice to see you. What do you want?So, uh tell me again the difference between Filene's and Filene's basement.Toby.I'd like to lodge a formal complaint against Jim for making us wait for over an hour.Come here you.I think you're right. It definitely looks suspicious. And his southern Italian heritage raises some flags.Did he threaten you?I knew it! More trunk space. Or should I say, corpse space.No, not that, by itself. But look at all the facts. He seems like a mobster.Exactly.No I disagree. "R" is among the most menacing of sounds. That's why they call it "m*rder." And not "muck-duck."Lock your door!That's bad.That's bad.He's right. Cops can't do anything until a crime has been reported.You know what?That's an exaggeration.No, criminals are like raccoons. Okay, you give 'em a taste of cat food pretty soon they'll be back for the whole cat.The only way to defeat a bully is to stand up to him. Trust me, I have bullied a lot of people.Here's what we do. We meet him in a public place. Ask him to lunch or something like that, some place he can't be openly violent.Let him know you're not the typical kind of guy that he can shake down. That you're stubborn. That you might even be a little bit dangerous.Do you know how to use it?You're wearing loafers!Hey. Bathroom checks out clean. Nothing behind the toilet except for this roach motel.You'll never k*ll it that way. You want to separate the head from the thorax-Hello.Oh he's not that nice.What he's trying to say is, Gabba. Gool.Bring him the gabba-gool!He was trying to force you to decide on a policy.So we're choosing...Check out Dental?Don't do it!Don't.Yes.I don't understand, why would you buy a policy?It wasn't a snap decision, you were sitting there for an hour.Do you know what "snap decision" means?It means like this.We have let Michael down, and it's 85 percent your fault.Not on the inside he's not. Look at his life! Broke! Living in fear! No friends, dead end job.Not the living in fear, that's new.Yes. He's got to stand up to this mafia guy.Me neither. Not the way things are now. But what if Michael felt no fear toward the mafia guy?Yeah...What is wrong with you? I am talking about convincing Michael that the guy's not mafia!Well more far-fetched than a mobster walking into a paper company for a low-level shakedown? And that happened.Michael. Incredible news. Grotti is clean.It's true, he's clean. I have a couple of friends still on the force. Checked with them. Ran his Fed friend up the flagpole to make sure he wasn't on the take. Turns out he's a totally lovely guy. Sweetest guy on the force really.And he made us all look like chumps!Okay that's-That's good, let's wrap it up.We just told you he wasn't mafia, so you wouldn't be scared.You successfully backed down the mob!Very close.Yeah!Its Jim and Pam, Michael.Yeah...This conversation has two items on the agenda.Number one, do not leave your things on my desk. It's not some kind of personal pen receptacle for you. I don't care how high they promote you, which brings me to item number two... I never formally congratulated you on your promotion, so I'd just like to say...  con-quack-ulations!I inserted a listening device into the belly of the mallard. Now I can observe Jim, trap Jim, and destroy Jim, just like in the Bavarian fairy tale. Only this time, the mallard skins the toad alive. And of course in this version you lose the whole veiled critique of the Kaiser thing.I'm sorry to have been bugging you all these years.Mallard. Okay, I'll get out of your hair.You seem tense. Hey, you want me to give you the chills?There's an egg on your head and the yolk is running down, the yolk is running down...There's a knife in your back and the blood is gushing down......the blood is gushing down, the blood is gushing down... You know, I really would have appreciated a heads-up that you were into dating mothers. I would have introduced you to mine.The Nard Dog... what was that all about?What were you talking about in there?Volunteerism is important. Every weekend I volunteer at the local animal shelter and they need a lot of help down there. Last Sunday I had to put down over 150 pets all by myself.I don't think there's a whole lot of sleeping going on.Shh!Where did you get that mallard?That!Okay, I gave that to him that as a gift, I'm taking that back.I'll give you five bucks for it.Ten.Well, I had to, I mean... Kelly was not even...I'm sorry.Mallard. I put it in your office in order to surveil you. I was jealous that you got the promotion over me.Oh, I'm equipped... I can...Don't tell Michael...Punishment fits the crime, I accept."...65 pound cover stock, which is the heaviest paper that will still feed smoothly through your desktop printer."I'm Jigsaw, idiot.Michael, can I get you something? A towel? Some cocoa?Michael?A carp is both a fish and a term for complaing. They're mocking you with wordplay.Michael, flounder is both a kind of fish and -I don't want people making fun of my nose.It's too small.Just, write it down, please.Hey! It's on the list, everybody.Thank you.Michael, please. Stop it now. You're embarrassing yourself.Play it again.  He purposefully leaned away and let you fall in.Judas.Jim is my enemy. But it turns out that Jim is also his own worst enemy. And the enemy of my enemy is my friend. So, Jim is actually my friend. But... because he is his own worst enemy, the enemy of my friend is my enemy. So, actually Jim is my enemy. But-Good morning everybody. Who would like an authentic New York bagel? Hmmm? Stanley?No, no, no, no. I got a pumpernickel just for you.Oh, why? Is there a place closer that sells them?Oh, don't mention it. You owe me one. You all owe me one.Good morning Michael.Hungry?Fish sticks are not an aphrodisiac.You're thinking of deer pen1s.Regardless. That was over two hours ago and it is now a scientific fact that you are hungry.  Bagel?K. I brought cheese too.Excellent.Okay.  You owe me.Can't a guy just buy some bagels for his friends so they'll owe him a favor which he can use to get someone fired who stole a co-manager position from him anymore? Geez. When did everyone get so cynical?Pam, would you care for a bagel?That's right. You're a woman and you need to refuse food the first time. I'll try again. Please Pam, reconsider and have a bagel.Let me guess-- you ate the bagel I gave you and loved it.Wow--I will.Let me get that door for you--There you go!Oh... goodness... thanks. You know, here's a healthy fitness tip. If you clench your buttocks together while walking you can really take the pressure off your knees.Observe.Right?Yeah, feel free to use that. Anytime. Okay.And that needs to be straight as an arrow.Thank you very much for that.Have a seat. Allow me.You know what? I am going to preemptively change the batteries in your wireless mouse.No, no, no!Andy is complicating things. But I'm not worried. This will only up my game.What's going on in here?Oh... no... really?There is no book. There's only a survival guide.Okay, well, allow me. You know what-- gosh these tacos are awfully complicated to make. I will make everyone's tacos! Gra-ga-ga-ga-ga!Hey, hey, hey-- relax I got it covered.No, no, no, no, no, no, I insist.Don't worry about it. You can just owe me.What's going on?Alright, move it.Oh yeah, you're going to owe me big time.Got it.  Starbucks gift card.Dammit. I am no closer to taking Jim down. What a waste of a day. I could of grown poisoned mushrooms that would have been this high by now.  They're mushrooms. They don't get that high.Wait, why are you limping?Let's get some raw meat on that face. I got a chicken in the freezer upstairs.Good, good. Keep it on there for another five minutes. Just let the swelling go down.Fire Jim.I'm cashing in the favor. Fire him.Do it. Promote me. Tri-managers.Can I have an office?You know what you can keep your stupid favor. It's worthless. And this is my dinner on your face. I'm keeping it.Got you! Broken arm! Boom Boom Boom! Broken Nose! Boom Boom Boom Boom! Broken Nose! Boom! Ha, gonna flip you!How can I pose this to you in a relatable way? You are all members of the Yakuza and you happen to be visiting the Lackawanna trolley museum... and you are attacked by triads... how can you hold them off until your clan arrives? You cannot go wrong with a throat punchNo, there is a defense for that. Let me demonstrate. Someone attack me. Kevin, go!False. I did choke you with your shoelace. Now come at me!That is correct. Unless there happened to be measles present.Easy. Allow me to demonstrate. I am attacking myself with a throat punch. Here it comes.Good point. Second, throat punch, absorb the blow.  Groin punch, hip block, elbow to the gut. Uh oh, up to the nose. No, you're not. Ow! Oh!He really is, but not for long.  You let go, you let go. Oh, you're right, I can't hold on.The important thing to remember Jim... we always have what is called the element of surprise.Michael?What is the meaning of this email that everyone got?This one, from David Wallace to all Dunder Mifflin.Hello everyone I am sure you have seen the item in the Journal. I just want to stress that it's all conjecture. If there's any concrete news you will know ASAP.You know what? You can all have jobs at Schrute Farms as human scarecrows. It doesn't pay much and you can't unionize.Wait a minute, wait a minute. I'm the butler. You were listening in on that? You rich people. You think you can do whatever you want to the servant class!I will poison your food.Voodoo Mama Juju, explain your dalliance with the Dark Arts.I know you did it!I know she didn't do it. It's never the person you most suspect. It's also never the person you least suspect, since anyone with half a brain would suspect them the most. Therefore I know the killer to be Phyllis, AKA Beatrix Bourbon, the person I most medium suspect.Frankly, I'm not surprised. A lot of the evidence seemed to be based on puns.You're sure it was water, it couldn't have been acid?Stop playing games with me, Crawdad.Answer me.You are out of order.Hey shut up. You're dead.Oh, this could be a juicy one.OK, everybody just calm down.I have crossbows.OK, I'm ready.Bow down before Recyclops.Happy Earth Day, everyone. I'm Recyclops. Did you know that an old milk carton can be sawed in half and used as a planter?Who has put a number seven plastic in a number four bin?Recylops will drown you in your over-watered lawns.Recyclops will have his revenge.Recyclops destroys!Yes.Polluticorn wishes.Humans are terrible for the environment.The twirl sucks.What kind of mileage does this baby get?Calves. Calves all the way.Smells like it.Word.I'll ask you a question.Michael Scott you run the most profitable branch of Dunder Mifflin. How do you do it?Good luck, Michael.Coming through. Che, che, che, che, che, che.I was hoping to lob Michael his softball question early. I wanted to swing by the garment district, pick up a few crates of my shirts. I got a shirt guy.How is he gonna have grandkids?No. You will not.Oh, I'm sorry. Were you raised in a household with no consequences?Oh. If onlys and justs were candies and nuts then every day would be Erntedankfest.Yes.Dwight Schrute, Scranton branch. I just want to say that I have been standing in this line all day and if this line is any indication of how this company is being run then we are in big trouble.  A take a number option like they have in a deli. What about line varieties? Like an express line for quick comments of ten words or less. They can move much more efficiently. What about ropes along the lines that you can hold on to.Yeah.Yeah! Your idea.My idea. I just need Andy to think it's his idea. So it won't get traced back to me. In approximately six hours, Jim will get a phone call from David Wallace. He will be fired.Hey Jimmy, what's up?Cool. Very cool. I bet if you tried, you could grow the best beard of anyone in this office.That laugh is so infectious.I didn't mean any of those things I just said. And you can expect the same from everyone in this office if you don't nip this whole Employee of the Month situation in the bud. Make it about the work.This encompasses all available data. Hours, tardiness, unconfirmed sick days, participation. Everyone has been assigned a random number for total fairness and transparency. Also, this should be accompanied by a monetary prize.In an ideal world, I would have all ten fingers on my left hand, so my right hand could just be a fist for punching.I'm going to run this by Toby and Accounting and have him assemble the data.Hey, so Jim thought it would be ideal if we all pitched in-So Jim thought it would be ideal if we all pitched in a 20 for this whole Employee of the Month thing.He thought you were doing an incredible job last month.You seem suprised.Hey buddy, so every-Five minutes ahead of schedule. Right on schedule.Oh, no!Yeah, you said "In an ideal world, there would be a cash prize." Isn't that what you said?My idea!Excellent idea, Pam.There must be some reasonable explanation for this.He knew all along!This is Kevin Malone, is David there?Tell him I'm mad at Jim, because he's asking us to give money to Pam.This is Stanley Hudson. Jim Halpert is a menace.It's Toby Flenderson. Listen, things are getting really bad down here.I know how it happened.No!What?No.What?Oh, you're kidding me!Damn it!Apparently.Not now, Temp.What? Diabolical plan? I wouldn't even know how to begin a diabol...So what do you want?Attention everyone! Jim and I, on behalf of----the party planning committee...But effective, look!  On behalf of Jim and I, Merry Christmas.Merry Christmas. Good.My diabolical plot is on hold for Christmas. My heart just melts with the sound of children singing. Hmmph!  Not really! I'm just tired. The days are short. I don't know. Maybe I'm depressed.It is time to unveil the tree.It is warm feelings.Thirty! Twenty-nine! Twenty-eight!Twenty- seven! Twenty-six! ...Exactly.Everyone.Yes, we are unveiling, an artificial tree, that will never die...Like the spirit of Christmas!This was a successful unveiling! Go back to work! Merry Christmas!Hey Santa!For several weeks, my Secret Santa has been giving me pieces of a machine that I've been attempting to assemble. I'm suspicious of this because I had the exact same idea, for catching Osama bin Laden. I would simply send him a different piece each day. He would assemble it, to find himself... in jail!Excuse me. Whoever has been sending me the parts to this g*n, I think you sent me a gear instead of a trigger.What else does it look like?Well I don't have all the pieces yet.Not a g*n.We don't have a North Pole branch. Idiot.Yes!What's your pin number?Where? Holiday Inn? I don't ...You are kidding me!When? When did he tell you? Today?Awww!Aaaarrhh!Hey David.Yeah!It's true. We all walk alone.My shadow's the only one that walks beside me. My shallow heart's the only thing that's beating...I have no idea.Michael? Please! Come on!Oh man!  I can use this for so many nuts! Macadamias, Brazil nuts, pecans, almonds. Clams, snails...It's real slippery out here.Oh, we will. Have a seat.He has more character in a single flake of his dandruff then you have in that entire snow bank on your shoulder. Wait, what was the question?Ignore him. He's the local lunatic.Dwight? Who is this Dwight? Oh! You mean Dwight Schrute, the company's top salesman and the creator of Computron. I wear many hats but the one I'm currently wearing is that of gracious host.Thank you, so much.Hope to see you soon.Yo, Mike, our town is dope and pretty.What?What?But check that it's covered by yourBut the little cars go in the compact spot!Don't lose your head.What?What?What?What?What?Here we go.  Oh! Wow.Impulsivity and inattention to detail.Terrible mistake.Undistributable.Impossible. He opened it like an ape.Welcome. Scranton hot dog from Scranton?So excited.Oh. Of course.They're 2 ounce paper cups dipped in plastic. He goes through 20 a day.I'm not seeing anything under "confirmation."Could it be under "affirmation?" Cause you have thousands of those.You did get the e-vite to my barbeque!Michael...Wait, I got it! Confirmation code: XV2RDM!Thank you.Hello.I am treating you the same as a man, for whom I would also not stand. Unless it was the President. Or Judge Judy.I, uh...89... 88...You're twenty minutes late!Just admit you lost track of time.Ryan and I have been meeting up to work on our diabolical plot against Jim. Ryan is always late for our meetings. I wish I had a lair.Of course I seesaw. Mose and I seesaw all the time.Oh, yeah. Great film. Almost as fun as going on a seesaw.I like where you're going with this. Continue.I have an old barn!It's kinda smelly, but that might be a plus! And then what?Okay, that's your idea? Exactly like in the movie!? That is the most idiotic thing I have ever heard in my life!He's supposed to cut his leg off? Think!Think!The new IT guy. Nick.I think he is the key. He's very trusting, he's looking for friends, he has been given an awesome amount of power, and does not know how to wield it.Why don't you just let me handle the Tolkien references, okay dumb jock?Smeagol was corrupted and became Gollum.I might start a diabolical plot against him after this one.You know, we really don't announce out loud our sales that much.It's not really 1992 anymore.Ho-ho. There he is, the IT guy. So you discovered the break room.I imagine one of the best things about being an IT guy is, you get to know everyone's computer passwords.Listen, I know you have to say that, but we got a little problem here. There is an employee named Jim Halpert, and he is doing some terrible things, okay? He is molesting people via the internet. And we need to stop him.No, the cops called us. So I'm gonna need you to give me the password to Jim Halpert's computer.Michael, it's Phyllis.She sent an email, so.Well, well, well. Hm. Boss for, what was it? Oh, four and a half hours? New record. Low. Previous record? Henry Rosston. Boss for nine years, four months. And he only left because he had family matters to attend to and he  what? Michael!I can't help but think that something we did made this possible.Oh temp, I like that. I'm going to engrave that into a piece of wood. Care to celebrate with a drink?Because! Martini bars are pretentious. No thank you.It is not "farm boy swill," I will show you. It is beet Vodka and it is delicious.Wait a minute! You can't do that. You cannot exploit your baby for sales.No, no! You need to come by your sales honorably!Hey there. Dwight Schrute here. Listen, uh, would you be interested in restocking on paper? ... Yeah, I could sure use the money. My cousin, uh, came down with a case of that nasty new goat fungus. Oh, it's just horrific. The doctor says he'd never seen it beard so quickly. Okay.I need a baby. I'll never outsell Jim and Pam without one. Also, I've been noticing a gaping hole in my life. Sometimes I wake up cradling a gourd.Ha, nerd.Bare my child.I want to have a child for business reasons and I want you to be the mother. If you agree, say nothing. If you disagree, say anything... Very well. Let's meet at 4:00 PM at our old meeting spot and bang it out.Have a seat.Before we conceive a child, uh, it is important that we bang out a parenting contract.It's been a long time since we've come down here separately.Now, then. Let's get to it, shall we? Item one Child will be breast fed by the mother for exactly six months, then weaned onto a nutrient-rich winter vegetable mash provided by the father, Dwight Schrute, hereafter referred to as Morpheus. Agreed?Acceptable names include and are limited to: Ebenezer.Jonas.Warf.Okay. Fine.Irrelevant question. Section 5A, child shall be male.Yes you can.It's as simple as keeping the womb extremely warm for two days after s*x, and then extremely cold for five months.No, no, no. Ambulances are emergencies only. You call an ambulance, I call the cops.Has anyone checked how dilated she is? This is ridiculous!"We" don't.Doesn't matter. I'll escort you!Let's go!Michael!This is where I saw that deer last week.Right over by that fence.Let's go!I love escorting people. In fact, a few years back, I put an ad in the paper starting an escort service. I got a lot of responses. Mostly creeps. Made a few friends.Ugh, alright.  Let's move! ... What?Are you kidding me?Dwight Schrute.Why didn't you ask me to do it yesterday? I kept IM'ing you how bored I was.I don't need a key.No, no, don't, don't tell me. Alalalalalalalalalala lalalalalala alalalalalalalala.Yesterday, I was dispatched to Jim and Pam's house to find Pam's iPod. I searched everywhere, but I didn't find it. What I did find, was mold, and lots of it. So, I did what anyone would do. Read a book, had a bath, I got a good night's sleep, and I made plans to eradicate it. I also made plans to ask Jim where he bought his marvelous sheets... Time to get to work .Hey, what's up, kid?Nothing left to do except dot the I's, the J's, and the umlauts. Why don't you meet me here at exactly mid-late afternoon?Very well.Isabelle. Hello... Yeah, the uh, kitchen was disgusting, so...Yup.Oh, it's... In the backyard. I'll take this.Hey, listen. I know that I'm an adult, but maybe I could come by sometime for a teeth cleaning. You know, just for fun.Are they now? Ha ha, how some people spend their money, right? Ha ha.Alright. I'll call you, kid.Two forms of ID, please.Nothing.Just pour yourself a cup of apple juice. I feel sick...  I couldn't find the iPod... Give me a couple days. I'll be out of your hair.Very good. Okay. Will get back to you right away on that, thanks.Mega-Desk.Command central.Surveillance, gaming- and business.Okay. Come on! Jim!Dweedle Dee and Dweedle Dumb-ass have been away on maternity leave. Now Dweedle Dumb-ass is back, and we have a problem. Yes, getting hooked on Mega-Desk was my own damn fault. But ... I don't care about assigning blame. All I care about is Mega-Desk. That is all I care about. Getting. More. Mega-Desk.Great.Thank you.Oh come on. Come on. Five more minutes? Five more minutes of Mega-Desk? Please?They say that no man is an island. False! I am an island and this island is volcanic. And it is about to erupt. With the molten hot lava of strategy!Must be amazing being a father right, a miracle of life?Ah, that baby is just discovering the whole wide world right now.What up is, what down is, who Mom is, who Dad is. Must be tough being here with all that going on.I mean, you're here at work, and the baby thinks that the refrigerator is its father.I'll tell you what happened to me. I didn't see my father for the first two years of my life. I thought my mother was my father, and my wet-nurse was my mother.Turned out fine for me. But Mose? Oh. Same story, different ending.Oh Jim, Jim! Sorry to bother you.My headphones are broken.Can I listen to my music at a low volume?Okay?  "The cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon, little boy blue-""-But we'll be together then-""-Dad, you know we'll have a good time then."Ah. Got a little client meeting at Shanny O'Gannigan's tonight. It shouldn't go all night long, so if you'd like me to, I could swing by your house so the baby can experience a strong male presence.Hi there Jo. Sorry to interrupt. Um, this evening  I have...Well, you see, I actually do have a meeting. With a client. I'm just gonna reschedule for next week.What the hell is this?This is not Mega-Desk.That's ridiculous, this is made up of three desks.Hello, Dwight Schrute?Yeah, what about those leads? Did you hear anything from corporate?Sorry, Michael, I got calls to make.You couldn't handle my undivided attention.Listen, Michael - about what happened earlier.When I was asking about the leads.... is there any news on the leads?Yeah. You got any news on the leads? ... Okay, I'll tell you what. I'm going out on a very important sales call. You get any news about the leads, you try me. All of my numbers. All six of my numbers, okay? Including the car phone!  Alright, Dwight out!Salesman is king. As the best salesman, I am king of kings. Oh, you say Jesus is king of kings? Well. What does that say to you about how I think of myself?What are you doing, idiot?Scavenger hunt? Here. I can solve it. Give it.  'The treasure you seek is in the parking lot under the first president.'The prankster is getting pranked. Ha ha.The leads are in?Michael? Michael, you were supposed to tell me when the leads came in.Kevin! Damnit  Kevin, give me those leads. Where are they? C'mon -Really.Gimme the leads. Where are my leads?Where are they?Turn the trash  It's code. Alright, Meredith, take off your dress.Clean sack.It's empty!I'll go, Michael. You'll just screw it up.This place has gone to hell.Yeah, well, the acorn becomes the oak.Oh, why, because I have a shot at a $100k commission?Hey. There is nothing I can do about my wide-set eyes.When I first met you, I had a lot of job offers. And I had an offer from Ivan Schartsky. The Ivan Schartsky. And if I'd assistant managed him -Oh, that's low! I would be number two right now at Home Depot!Okay? Because they promote from within. Instead I had to follow you - you, going nowhere.I hitched my wagon to a horse with no legs.Kung-fu movies!Nice babies you're making with the floozies at the bars.Your made-up wife? Who doesn't exist?  You watch it!Don't do itNo!Stop it, get out! That's my spool.OhWow. Amazing, isn't it. No other animal on earth could do this. Maybe beavers. But not like this.Hey  You know who'd like this? Phyllis. Purple, much?YeahHope - grows.Woo hoo!We have an awesome bean bag chair that's perfect for the break room.Yeah, damn right you're not. 'Cause it's for me and Michael onlyDwight:  Breathe. Work your core. Come on.Dwight: Not counting the last one, 25.Dwight: Ok, 25 and one girl push-up!Dwight: Okay.Dwight: And one girl push-up.Dwight: 25. Yeah! Come on, you can do it!Dwight: Hold that thought. Well, well, well. If it isn't Isabel.Dwight: What's a girl like you doing in a place like this?Dwight: Ooh, I love repartee.Dwight: Usually means there's a battle scene coming.Dwight: Any brothers or sisters?Dwight: Really?Dwight: Vegetarian?Dwight: What's your blood type?Dwight: Universal donor.Dwight: Angela versus Isabel. Height, advantage Isabel. Birthing hips, advantage Isabel. Remaining child-bearing years, advantage Isabel. Legal obligation, advantage Angela.Dwight: Whacking moles. Hit 'em on the head. Whack. Say it with me.Dwight: Extend the fingers more.Dwight: Good.Dwight: Hey, monkey, how you doing?Dwight: Listen, can I talk to you for a second?Dwight: Look, I've been thinking. We had a good run. We really did. But you don't need to worry about this whole contract thing anymore.Dwight: It's just that we both-we want different things. You know, I want a big family.Dwight: No, no, no, no. I want a big family. Tall. Thick. A big, physically big family. Listen, you go have fun. You're off the hook.Dwight: Dissolved. Don't worry, you're free. Okay? Okay. See you later.Dwight: With this move, he can't get you.Dwight: Oh, please. I wish he'd come after me. I would be like-aaah!Dwight: Sh-what?Dwight: No, no, no.  Blah blah blah blah!Dwight: What are you-Dwight: Angela...Dwight: You're really putting me in an awkward position here.Dwight: Angela, not here!Dwight: You are an impressive specimen.Why is everyone clumped around accounting? Break it up, you clique.Is that the program where all those puppets live in the barrio?I love that show.That is an amusing link. I'd like it sent to me, please.Well, I knew it existed, and I chose to let it die.Hello, Pam.Her milk is coming in. She's getting uncomfortable.Same thing happens with my cows if I don't tend them frequently enough. You gotta milk them, or else they'll moo like crazy.All right, this is gonna traumatize me a hell of a lot more than you, believe me.Really? Fine. Let your breasts explode. Three squeezes and I would drain you.Yeah pretty much.Wait, What? I was just slow-clapping your no-nonsense decision-making.Gabriel, I apologize.I kneel before you.Humbly taking your hand upon which I kiss to show my contrition.What was that? Are you kidding me? Was that an impression?"I have to go back to the zoo to the stick insect exhibit."Guten tag, Herr Michael.I don't understand why Michael is wasting his time with Spanish. I have it on very good authority that within 20 years, everyone will be speaking German. Or a Chinese-German hybrid.You know what? I should be getting this client, Michael. My numbers are better than either of theirs.If you want people to put the best face on something, why would you get two people who probably never cut the face off of anything in their lives?What is this?It doesn't just sound a'ight, it sounds amazing.How do I apply?Uh, glasses wearers. Cholera survivors. Geniuses. Non-organic family farmers. The list goes on and on. You want me to keep going?Come here. Come here.Ten seconds ago, this guy was driving a forklift. Okay? Now all off a sudden he's Cinderella of the office. What are you guys thinking?One minority from this branch is going to get into this program. Who would I refer? Hmm... the competent, hardworking one who does things his own way, or the malleable simpleton who can be bought for a few fashion magazines?Oh, man. White people, right?Well, you can kinda tell from the voice.I bet you get pulled over by the cops a lot, just because of your race.I think you should consider applying for the executive minority training program.I know, 'cause you have no role models. How many Indian CEO's can you think of?You could be the Indian Bill Gates. You could be the Indian Ted Turner.That's not... she's... okay. Yes.How as being a minority affected you?Oh, good, and you resent this because...Oh, no, no. That's not dorky.  Look, it's easily accessible. Boom, like this. 911, hello. Scranton Strangler's in the house. Inside the house.Hey... what are you guys doing?You know, we really should keep practicing for this interview.Ryan? What does he know?"We?"Kelly will be even worse than Darryl. If you'd have told me this morning that today I'd be creating a monster capable f my own destruction, I 'd have thought you were referring to the bull Mose and I are trying to reanimate.Kelly is disqualified!You said the program is not open to Caucasians. Well... anthropologically, she is Indian. Indians migrated from the caucuses region of Europe. Therefore, technically, she is Caucasian. You're welcome, America.Well, obviously, she is brownish. But come on, I mean, Darryl is far more ethnic.Kelly is the only applicant.Oh, dear God. Okay. Don't make any decisions just yet. Okay? I'll be right back.How would one of you feel if I told you I could put you on a fast track to an executive position at this company?I wasn't talking to you, pale-face.What I'm offering is a ticket on a bullet train straight to middle management.Yes.Speaking of rainbows, Oscar... you are kind of a double minority. Gay. So we at Sabre could really benefit from your perspective.I can protect you from Kelly.Whoa, whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa! This is Hide Toshi Hasagawa. He would like to apply for the Sabre minority executive training program "print in all colors" initiative.Helping heal America in a dramatic fashion in the 11th hour.Caucasians, am I right?  Have a seat. I'll translate.You don't know what you need. Just...Hey, kiddo. Congratulations are in order. You deserve it.Oh.Gosh. He he.Just once, I would like to be a puppet master and have nothing go wrong. Is that too much to ask?Stop it!You're talking about me in Morse Code. Well, you know what? Joke's on you 'cause I know Morse Code. Ha!Very well. I must have imagined it. I apologize.  Detonator. Detonator where? Michael!Michael, come on.Fine.Eel fishing.Are you nuts?Oh, no.Oh, God, that tickles. What did...I think I've got one for you.$100 a day, plus expenses.I'm just gonna warn you... and I say this to all my clients... you might not like what I find.And you might not like how I find it.Hi stranger.I work with Michael.Dwight Schrute.All cases are solved with logic. The only logical way to find out if Donna Is a cheater is to seduce her, bring her to orgasm, then call Michael and tell him the sad news.Oh, gosh, we were both going for the same weight at the same time; you go ahead.It's all yours.Yeah, I'm good. Hey, you know an exercise for two people that uses the whole body?Tractor pulling. Too bad there's not a tractor here.You look like you're getting a good workout. Can I feel your pulse?Really? Hey, um...Get out of my way. Huh!Tomorrow's fertilizer, am I right?Donna. Donna, wait, please. I'm sorry. Okay? Listen. We both know why I'm here: to see... you... naked... while... I'm... naked.Donna, come... Ah! Grr! Ugh!Oh, I pulled muscles in both my thighs. Thanks for asking.Yeah, no. She's not cheating. Oh, man! Will you help me work out this knot? Right here.Put your fingers here.I'm positive. Yeah, oh, and here's your expense receipts right there.People who don't trust egg whites.Oh, me too. And by the way, uh, I told her not to, but she's coming over here and she's furious.You're right. I was paraphrasing. What she actually said was,  "What is with him? He is crazy. I'm coming over there to talk to him." And this was after I have no other recourse but to tell her and gym security that you had me sent there to see if she was cheating. Also, I joined the gym. You'll be billed monthly. [lays down gym membership receipt on a chair in Michael's office.Okay, everybody, let's take this next hill.You know what? You had your chance. You're no leader. Out of your seat, let's blast!No! The hill's a trap. Let's take the dirt road off to the side.If they catch us, they will r*pe us. Go for the cliff. And three, two, one... jump! No!  You're dead, you're dead, you're dead. Good jump. You're barely alive. Okay, now nice cooldown. Check your pulse rate.You were being really funny, and then you went too far.No, hmmm... that's still...Come on, the whole two bullet thing is a red herring. Here's how you do it Phyllis, you're h*tler. Come up here. Toby, you're Toby. Andy, you're Bin Laden. Line up, throats together.Toby, come on.Ready, one bullet. And boom!Leave, get outta here.Right now!Michael, nice tie or something.No.Alleged contract.Just try. I will do legal jujitsu on you. Gyah!  See, don't even need to make contact. The law will do it.So much of this is just impossible to verify. Item five, point "B", uh... the beet juice cleanse?How do we know this? I'd like to see a stool sample.Eughh.Same page. Just keep moving.Which we can't know.Unless we're unplugged.And wake up in the future.What?What?I don't have $30,000 lying around. I have it buried very deeply, and I don't want to dig past a certain someone to get it.$30,000? There's gotta be another way.Look, I will not pay."Intercourse to completion. Five individual times rendered at my discretion?"Agreed.Five times for $30,000? Not a bad stud fee. Better than most horses.But not in your bed. It's lumpy.Fine. Five times.No.Do you understand how rare is that in nature?Aah!I could have stopped him.Are you warmed up?God, Angela, why is that always my responsibility?Never mind. Just never mind.Oh, it'll work.  Mm. Stop kissing me. It's not in the contract.Michael, you have to see, this is like, the cutest thing ever.Hey, IT guy.Oh, sure thing, go ahead.Apache persuasion hold, that's the hell! What are you doing to my computer?You're with Big Brother? Okay, go ahead. I got nothing to hide.Hold that thought. I don't want to waste your time, and I wouldn't dare waste mine. I didn't do it. Now, I don't know exactly who did it, but I have a list right here...  You should fire the following people.Why would I disparage a company that has made me rich beyond my wildest dreams?Are you referring to alchemy?I'm not dumb. I'm smart.Let me give you a hand.Ready?  Dwight Schrute.Basement office? You mean like a lair?Okay.Cancel it. I want you to make an offer at seventeen twenty-five Slough Avenue. Make 'em an offer they can't refuse. No, on second thought, low ball them. Don't call me 'til you have it.All right. Sounds good.Oh, just...Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey IT guy. Here's the story, champ. None of us have spent a lot of time getting to know you, okay? We liked the last guy, Siddiq, because he kept to himself, and we also thought he might have been a t*rror1st. You know what, I'm going to leave you with one other thought. Inner city kids use computers for two things, games and p*rn. So good luck wasting your life, lurch.I'm about to buy this building, you know.Well, I'm one-eighths proud of you... enjoy that chair for now... 'cause pretty soon, you will be on your feet, at Buckingham Palace.Hiya! Ha!From now on, if you're hot, sit on an ice pack.Like you'd ever be cold, Kevin. Stop asking me hypothetical questions, OK? I'm too busy.Jim, you have one job to do. And you do it forgettably. Those of us who are busy require hands-free hydration.Dwight Schrute, star salesman, beet farmer, bed-and-breakfast proprietor, aspiring freelance bodyguard. Add to that list owner of this building. Then burn the list.The bigger the key chain, the more powerful the man.Where?Give me that.Yes.Ha. Ha. Not. Funny. Jim.Who's gonna tell on us? Gabe?How close?Yes. Of course.Hey, did you SMS text message me?Okay, that's weird. Just hitting "door closed." What?Is this elevator going up? Hey, the elevator is disobeying us!  Okay, okay. We are stuck. We are stuck. Hank, Hank! Can you hear us? Oh, my God. Okay. Emergency protocol.Pam, try and pry open those front doors, immediately.Use your talons! Pry 'em open!Well, don't look, freak!I've got 56 ounces of fluid in my bladder! And we have to establish a pee corner!How ya doin'?Wow. Late every day this week.Why didn't I think of this before? Did you know that there is a daycare center opening right here in this building?Now that I own the building, I'm looking for new sources of revenue. And a daycare center... Ha ha ha  Well I guess it's not an evil idea. It's just a regular idea. But there is no good laugh for a regular idea.Welcome to the Sesame Avenue Daycare Center for infants and toddlers.You remember my cousin Mose.Oh no. I like to think of it as a kids place. Would you like a tour?Come on. Here is the language skills and cognitive development area. These are English... uh... letters.  I see you found out magical toy box Jim.Jim! To you and me, maybe, but, come on! To a child's imagination that's Mr. Fork and Lieutenant Knife and... Ms. Fork.Oh! That shouldn't have been in there. I'm embarrassed.We come fully equipped with a restroom. Feeding trough, play bucket, and room for a plant, in success.No one. The door locks from the outside. Escape is impossible.What?Oh no, no, no.I promise you, that door locks!Boycott the Steamtown Mall! Everyone, you heard me! Cancel all of your business with the Steamtown Mall!All of it! The mall, the stores, the kiosks!Yeah, something happened. Oh yeah, something happened, Jim.You don't want to know.What?Yes I did. And I'm going to do the same with all of your clients.Oh yes I will! That mall is corrupt, ok! They're "appearance"ists!You guys know me. You know that I'm not one for fancy things, but there was this one thing. It was in a fancy store. And it caught the corner of my eye when I took Mose down to the Mall to get his blood pressure at the Rite-Aid. And I thought, you know, maybe I deserve this. You know, I had a great crop yield this fall...I went to the store and I pressed the buzzer, and they looked right at me, and then they looked away. And then I pressed the buzzer again, and they started taking pictures of me on their mobile phones. I guess I'm not the kind of guy that's good enough for precious heirlooms.OkApparently there is a famous Hollywood movie from the 1980's, Beautiful Girl...Apparently, it's one of the best revenge stories of all times, in which this s*x worker, who is the antagonist... That can't be right. Andy? How does it...?Ok, Um... The s*x worker is denied service at a fancy store because she does not look wealthy. She later returns dressed in all the "trappings" of extravagant wealth, but instead of going...Really?Wait. Less matching to appear more rich?I can't see.Wait, I see you every day. Can I say "Good month?"Copy. Thank you.Please.Thank you.What?Do you have your card?It is a pewter wizard holding a crystal.Because I'm here for one thing. Revenge.Excuse me sir.I was here yesterday, and you refused to wait on me.You work on commission, don't you?Good Morning!What?It was beet juice! I am a beet farmer idi...Good sir. I happen to have been working a very long day. When I came to you fine establishment. You are such a... I'm gonna... Ok. Listen. You can't treat... Thank you! Good morning sir!You made a big mistake. Huge!Aaah!I'll take the wizard!Uh, no, thank you. Last time I went to the theater, a man dressed as a cat sat on my lap.Please, waste of time. You know what? Let's just knock this out right now. Disrobe.Angela? Don't like her anymore. Not attracted to her anymore. Just contractually obligated to make a baby with her.Give me the punch card.That is not in the contract.Alright, fine. I'll go to your little show, but I'm not wearing a cape.I work with that guy.Too bad I'm not gonna explain anything that you miss.His name's Andy. He's a terrible salesman.Why are you dressed like a seed catalogue model?Let's go.All that singing got in the way of some perfectly good murders.All right, let's do this.It's okay, I smell.No, no, no. Contractually we're obligated to have s*x.I will tell. I will tell the mediator. What-what are you...Good night.Que? QUE?I pick up day laborers and tell them they'll get paid at six p.m. At five forty five, a certain INS agent by the name of Mose Schrute throws them in the back of a van, drops them off in the middle of Harrisburg and tells them it's Canada.Hola, tu es une buena worker?Y el accento, donde are you from?You speak English?Ok, good. Me too, get in the car.That is my new maintenance worker, Nate. And you'll be happy to know that he's taking care of that hornet's nest that you've been griping about.Poor hornet.I left him all the tools he needs. This is do or die. If he chooses correctly he'll conquer the hornets...He'll die.When did the phrase do or die become so corrupted?Interesting choice...A bat! Impressive...Some eggs can rely dormant in a woman for years, they may not even know they have it.What port? The Jan port. The Holly Por...You may have...You need to contact Holly! You need to notify her, that she is crawling with herpes.You need to contact every woman you've been with, and notify them of your herpes infestation. It's the right thing to do.Then I will.No, I'm no doctor, but it seems to me that we all have an obligation to the public health to track down anyone who gives us a disease, inform them of it, and take overwhelming revenge on that person. Again, I'm no doctor. I'm just a normal guy who enjoys revenge.So long Donna!He forgot to mention the herpes.I don't understand the reference.We had to come over right away, it's urgent. Michael has something to tell you.Ok I'm gonna head outta here, I know you have a lot to talk about. Ok, is there a, an operating theater that's open to visitors? Never mind I'll find it.Next stop is Helene. You're gonna wanna make a left on Willow, which is a little ways away, uh. I'll remind you.Jan knows paper.Wait, what Holly said?Forget it Michael! Today is about herpes.Who gave it to you, who has it, and who is going to pay.TO answer your question about Jan, no. Jan is insane. Why do you think I got- LEFT, WILLOW NOW!Come on old lady. Let's go.Come on.Michael!Excuse me, someone died in the upstairs bathroom didn't they?It was probably just an ingrown mustache hair but we have to be exhaustive.I'm gonna need a list of every man you've ever had s*x with. I'm talking train stations, men's rooms...Fence with a hole in it..The woods behind the liquor store, the swamp behind the old folk's home.The democratic primaries,Can't beat a horse. A horse is a bike that peddles itself.Yeah!How do I look?Normal. Ugly.Alright. Wait, wait, wait, wait for me! It's weird if I come in slightly after.We have a big meeting with the chief buyer for Frames Select, Steve Nash.Will you stop trying to put it in terms you think they'll understand? It's condescending.And who is this "the" Steve Nash?No.No, Mr. Jock Hipster.Go tell her we're here. You're good with receptionists.Crap.Danny Cordray is the worst.The best salesman ever. He works for Osprey Paper over in Throop, steals more clients from Dunder-Mifflin than anyone.Also, he slept with Pam.I'm gonna intimidate him. Okay?Watch this.So anyway, she says, "that is the biggest pen1s I have ever seen." And I said, "I know. That's why I brought you to the pen1s Museum, where tickets are a thousand dollars." Well, hello Danny!What are you doing?Like hell you are.He's not just here for the coffee, Jim. Wake up!What'd he say? What did he say?There he is.I've been in showtime mode since breakfast.He's not kidding.Oh.Jim talked too much.Yes, you did.I know how we can learn his tricks.What I am about to show you is of the utmost secrecy.Yes, Jim. And with a little tweaking, it becomes a different office. We lure Danny to it and watch him sell.The Sting. The Sting.Van Helsing was a respected professor before he was a vampire killer.People can't keep their true natures hidden for long, and this guy is smoldering like a tire fire.He's very, very handsome.Oh...Oh, man!I told you! You're an exec at Stark Industries, a corporation you inherited from your father-Then make him pitch to you.We gotta see what he's got.Okay, and remember-you're not gay.Okay. You're a young hotshot from Stark Industries. You've just bought this company. Meredith is fired. It's a whole new regime. He's gotta pitch to you now.Michael! No, Michael, stop it! No!No!Michael?Can I talk to you about something?It's about this very announcement you just made.Michael-Where's he gonna sit? There's no more seats.Where's he gonna park? There's no more reserved parking spots.You snubbed her.Let me handle this, Jim. Drop the act, Cordray, okay? We all know that you probably thought that Pam was too "meh" or thin without being toned. But I wanna tell you something-she is one of the plain hearty women of Scranton that make this city great. And so what if she doesn't wear makeup?  We like her better that way! And you steal clients, don't you? Don't you!Oh, that's different, is it? Okay...thief. You better check your things, people. In fact, where are my keys? Oh, there in my pocket. False alarm. Okay.  So...you're gonna be workin' here?Welcome aboard.It's after 5:00, Jim. I'm not gonna take this home.Pleasure.So long, Stanley!Too late! If I was the real Scranton Strangler, you'd be so strangled right now. If you're out there, strangler, you will get caught! By me.To my chickens I'm the Scranton Strangler.  Oh-ho! That's very funny. Looks like someone decided to dress up as old Dwight Schrute's mom.You're only one third as beautiful and only half her height.Lake Erie.Pam is gonna choose whoever has a scent most like that of her father. Does anyone remember what her dad smelled like?He went to Gabe behind your back.He went over your head to go behind your back.No. Shh. Michael, listen. This cannot stand. We can't have workers going straight to corporate. Makes your job superfluous.Yeah. Here's another good idea. Corporate chain of command. We need to strangle Darryl's idea.Garbage magnet.  I can't believe this doesn't make you mad!Hmm, Kevin and Gabe. Probably about the extremes of the human physique.Let's just say I saw exactly what the two of you wanted me to see.I know how to sit on a fence. Hell, I can even sleep on a fence. The trick is to do it face down with the post in your mouth.Uh-huh. Right. And ruin their cloaks? Do you have any idea how expensive wool is in Transylvania?  'Cause of the euro.Uh...NO, no, no. They will cost you your life.The worst thing you can do for your immune system is to coddle it. They need to fight their own battles. If Sabre really cared about our well-being, they would set up hand de-sanitizing stations. A simple bowl at every juncture filled with dirt, vomit, fecal matter...Exposing yourself to germs is the best way to make yourself stronger.Yes. I would welcome it.The principle is sound. To avoid illness, expose yourself to germs, enabling your immune system to develop antibodies. I don't know why everyone doesn't do this. Maybe they have something against living forever.For all your paper and printer needs. For all your paper and printer needs. For all your paper and printer needs.Good morning. Dwight Schrute. Thank you all for your prayers and your remembrances. Like Justin and his disfigurement, I too have had a horrible year. They say that the middle class is disappearing, and with it, the soul of America. So, as a gift to this beautiful congregation, I would like to offer a 4% discount on all Dunder Mifflin Sabre products if you buy a printer at full price.Opus dei.Shh, shh, shh.Greg, hello, it's Dwight from the vestibule. You want to know my eleventh commandment? I will not be undersold.I am ready to love thy neighbor with these kind of discounts.I'll call you back.Michael, I'm just about to close a sale. Can I authorize a 15% discount?Gah!They shouldn't televise any of this, it just encourages copy-cats.Not because I want to. With all the feeling to base a show around. Glee? Thirst. Now that's a show I'd watch.Tonight might be a convenient night for us to have some intercourse.Michael, I find it absolutely disgraceful that no one followed you in here for your walk-out. I took the liberty of making a list of everyone who didn't follow you in here. Jim. Oscar. Creed. Me, at first.In the Schrute family, the youngest child always raises the others. I've been raising children since I was a baby.That would be nice wouldn't it?You know it's not really necessary for me to sit here holding her all night. Just go into Gabe's refrigerator, get a lump of suit, or any kind of congealed animal fat will do rally, tie a piece of string to it and the other end to her toe, put the suit in her mouth, she'll be happy for hours.Really? Oh... Then here we are.She loves me.Well something's come up, I have to go.I have something to do.I do. But you married my worst enemy.Enough. I will require beer and pizza to think this over.From Jim.Surprise me. No! Pepperoni.Insert it in my mouth.No, try me.I'd prefer for him to think of it as degrading.No. Crust first.  Now I've gotta go meet Angela.I have a legal obligation to Angela. Okay, she needs to be serviced.Oh come on, stop the fake prissy act. We're in the real world. s*x contracts exist!Yeah sure, Jim could go see her.You ever been with the blondes before? It's the big leagues.She's in heat. She will eat your face off!A single piece of pepperoni please.What are you doing?Everyone, follow me to the shelter. We've got enough food for 14 days. After that, we have a difficult conversation.Try zero, Zero, Zero, Zero, zero, zero.Okay, now try Zero, Zero, Zero, Zero, zero, one.Try "Big Boobs" with a "Z".All RightYes.Ah, this is good hay. Yeah. This is the good stuff, mattress quality.Every fall, my Uncle Eldred used to build us a maze out of hay bales for us kids to play in. We called it "Hay Place". Eldred Called it "Hay World". Eventually lawyers were brought in. But that's all behind us. Hay Place lives on!  Watch it, watch it.Hello! Welcome to Hay Place! A place for hay.Oh, and the Petting Zoo closes at 2:00, and the Goat Roast is at 3:00. Come on in, enjoy!Roll in the hay, five dollars.Oh, our contract.Yes, why don't we meet at the usual spot.  Uh... I've got a half an hour during lunch in-between the historical reenactment of the dunmore farm slaughters and the onion boil.So, uh...  Excuse me, get off of there! Those are show bales, not play bales.Hey kids, was that fun?All Right!Oh, I bet you do. You know what? When I was a little kid, they couldn't get me off the hayride! But it's gonna cost you three more bucks.Wow! This brings back memories. Hay stacking, hay throwing... and at the end of it all, one lucky boy would be crowned Hay King. I always wanted to be Hay King. The world shines on Mose.Uh, can we move this to the end of the day?Hey, congratulations! Do you know what your prize is?Nothing. Life Lesson? Some tasks are not worth doing.And now, by show of applause, We will crown this year's hay king. All in favor of Purebred.Did I truck 300 bales of hay to a parking lot to rectify some childhood disappointment? Yes.Angela?Twenty minutes a day Jim, that's all it takes. Twenty minutes a day, all feet, no hands and I'll have the pedi-dexterity of a chimp, and you'll be sitting there like an idiot.I'm sorry Pam, allow me to write you an apology letter.D-E-A. Oop, backspace. A. Dear.Uhh, aah!Owning a building is a war between the landlord and the tenant. Not a literal war, unfortunately, but I am using the same tactics. I've surrounded the enemy, and I'm slowly starving them. To save on electricity I've installed a timer and motion sensors on the lights. It's part of my green initiative. And by green, I mean money.China is on the move?I'm sorry, isn't that good enough for your anus? Don't get me started on how coddled the modern anus is.Stanley, as a fellow Dunder Mifflin employee I feel for you. But, like you, I am completely powerless to the whims of the new building owner."Which is you" is not a sentence.Pam, when I'm sitting at this desk, I'm a salesman. If you wanna talk to the new building owner, you should call Nate and schedule and appointment.Well then you're not going to talk to the new building owner. Which is a shame, because I hear he's a very reasonable guy.Dwight Schrute. Mhm. Tell her I'm busy. I don't know, make something up.You know what Pam? You're right. This isn't just a business. This is a home, and I would much rather see a smile from Kevin than save hundreds on plumbing and electricity.I say we b*mb 'em. By 2020, they're gonna be the world's largest economy and they're getting a taste for protein. We'll all starve.Or else? Or else what? There's nothing you can do.Waste of time.Let me see.You can't just move out.In your perfect would, what would make this building awesome? I'm putting together kind of a wish list.Yeah, no. I'm not a genie. I'm just talking about a...You can't possibly be serious.Parley, my office, five minutes.Pam, I am not an unreasonable man. If you guys stay, I will stop watering down the soap.Why do you even need soap? Are you that bad at going to the bathroom?You don't wanna move. Moving is one of the most stressful things you can do in life. You'll probably just take it out on your kid. Jim will turn to the drink. The family will fall apart, and twenty five years from now, Cece will become world famous... for stripping.Here it is, right here, pull over. Oh my God. No way. Man, look at that.There's no building. This could only mean one thing.She was lying. Oh, Pam, Pam...What?Oh.I'm sorry. We have a colleague with the same name.So, okay. You're not a liar too are you?Damn it, Pam. Get out. Right now. Leave it, I mean it. Get the hell out of here. Go.I can't wait to do to Pam, what I just did... to Pam.Hey Pam.Y'know what, I'm the only one here who you haven't asked about the new office.Yeah, but I'm still an employee here, and that part of me is really excited about the change of scenery. What's the square footage in the new place?What's the exact square footage.How many offices are there? Oh I'll just look at the one sheet myself.You're a funny guy Pam. What's the first thing you guys are gonna do when you move in to the new office? I'm going to walk down the hall and say "Wow, I can't believe this is real, but it is." I can't wait.Impossible, I love the law.I see I've underestimated you, and I didn't think that was possible. Nate, reply the paper.Reply it!They say the best vampires don't bleed their victims dry, but give them the strength so that they can bounce back only to be fed on again. I spared Pam, and I may feast off of her profits for years to come. I let Pam win. Haha, oh. I was not motivated by compassion. I have no compassion. Make sure you got that. Not motivated by compassion.I'll tell you who. Darryl, Phyllis, Stanley, Angela, and Oscar.You are?Let me see you jump.  Oh, my God. This is a store bought-camera. This isn't one of those special military-grade cameras that would be able to capture that.Oh come on.Oh, my God! It's the first snowfall of Christmas. Is that just so magical for you, little girl? Can you not wait to have a hot chocolate, and cuddle up with Papa and tell him about all your Christmas dreams, hmm? It's not even a real snow. Look, it's a dusting. Pitiful.Damn it, Jim, you cannot throw snowballs in here!Look at that. There's a pebble in there. You coulda k*lled me.You apologize to me right now.You apologize right now.Very well, then I challenge you to a snowball fight on the first real snow of winter.No, Andy, it's a snowball fight. It's not fun. Go get your own thing. Beat it.  Jim, let go. Let go.Pam?Death to Toby!Is it the middle school teacher who tried to turn her foreign exchange student into a s*x slave?Okay.Ahhhhhhh!!!! Ahh! Ahh! Ahh!Ahh!I have no feeling in my fingers or pen1s. But I think it was worth it.Oh, no. Oh, no!Oh, no. Yes, taste my wrath!Huh? You like that?Huh?Yes, I have a wig for every single person in the office. You never know when your gonna need to bear a passing resemblance to someone.I could not agree more. And just want to state for the record that I am intending to sue Jim for acute psychological distress.With snowballs, Jim? With fluffy little snowballs? No. I thought we were just playing.Wait, what girlfriend?I find that unlikely. You email me when you get a new zit.Dear God in heaven.Okay, hey, hey, hey...Didn't think your affectionate nicknames would be your undoing, did you, Jim? Let that be a lesson to you all.I do not accept your surrender. There's only one way that I would ever relent.You hit Pam in the face with a snowball while I watch.I'll take that as a no.In the end, the greatest snowball isn't a snowball at all. It's fear. Merry Christmas.Minutes from previous meeting of Knights of the Night. No, Jim, hey!This meeting is for Knights of the Night only.Knights of the Night are volunteer crime patrollers. We're often compared to the Guardian Angels, but we could not be more different from them. Seriously, we are nothing like the Guardian Angels. I mean, broad strokes purposes, sure. Think Guardian Angels. One of our many recent good deeds? We set out to capture the Scranton Strangler. Mission accomplished. Not by us.No, no, no, no, no. I see how this movie ends. You make fun of me, everyone laughs, ha, ha, ha... screw you!What are you going to do now? Are you going to make fun of our leader's weird voice? Huh? . Over the line, Jim.Fine. Minutes from previous meeting of Knights of the Night. That's our official name, Jim.Reflective strips were glued to patrol jackets. Knights went outside with flashlights to test them.And the rest was just stuff.Okay. Knights stayed outside to play flashlight tag.It was pretty awesome.Wow. Did your baby draw that?Hey, hey, hey. Want me to crank the thermostat up to 90, smoke her out? She can't keep those mittens on forever.Not doing that.I've achieved plenty and there's no better than the best.Wait, it's that easy? That's not a resolution, that's just... something I want to do. Okay, fine. I can do that...  My resolution is... meet a loose woman.Yeah.Awesome.It's that easy?Okay, I'll drive.I'll take the entirety of the second floor.Welcome.Is that what we were doing?Good. Real good.Yeah, yeah!Yeah, pretty much. But, you know, this place is kinda tapped out, so. Let's roll.Okay. What'd you get?Oh, really? What else? Let me see.I am not going back until I fulfill my resolution.Come on, why not? I've never been in one before. I'm tired of being Mr. Perfect Role Model all the time.Well, we can't just go back, I mean, we came out to meet women.Chicks fall down, need help getting back up.Gentlemen.Strip club. I was looking at the strippers at the strip club.Yeah!Hey.How are the marks?What are some of your small business ideas?That's great. There's a big, big future in that.Um, what about you?Uh-huh.Wow!Right. Okay? Great.You promised us whales. These are worms.We're no more a team than the people staying in the same hotel are a team.So what's your crazy business pipe dream?Really?Phyllis?Some of these people are for real.Hey, friend. How's it going? Oh, you know what? Let me steep that for you.Hey, you know what? Good news. We're back in. Let's go sell some paper, Buddy. Huh?I got it. I got it.You're gonna blow it.Andy. I didn't think you had it in ya.Problem solved everyone. Space Orphan and Princess Nincompoop are off to rescue Michael. Unbelievable. I'm going. You drive, I got a car full of fox meat.Male. Caucasian. Forties. Black hair. Facial type: marsupial.Hey hey hey. Let me answer this. Stupid question. He went back to the office, obviously, which is that way.Alright. Don't get a swelled head. You're no tracker.  Let's ride.Has Michael checked in?I asked you a question.Goodbye.Pam, this isn't a shopping trip.This is a man-hunt slash rescue mission.Pam, I'm obviously going to get that stuff for you so just shut up.No word from Michael.Hey.There's too many brands. Where's Holly?Hey!What are you doing?Tootenbacher.Of course. He was here. She's the key. Amazing. Holly. Hey, where you would you like to go next? Holly?Excuse me Do you speak English? We are looking for a man. Michael, this tall, black hair, Caucasian...Uncanny. Put a pin in that.  This way, this way, this way? I don't know. Do you know?He's heading downtown.Do you see a little clown that you want to follow, huh? Is there a little bird that's chirping to you, "this way, this way"?Okay, close your eyes, we need you to think. What is Michael seeing right now? Can you tell him that we miss him? Michael we're coming for you!All right then. Someone propose a plan.Not you, Erin.That is the stupidest idea I've ever heard. No. Tap into your common mind and tell us what he would do next.Right. I can do this on my own. I can think like Michael. All right... I'm deep below the ocean's surface in a submarine. A torpedo's coming right at me. No. Damn it, that's just my own imagination. Maybe he's bowling.Okay, my name is j...j...j...j...j...j...j...j Jim Halpert and I will fax it in to you... under you. I'll fax it under you. Oh, excuse me. I just p...p...p...p pissed my pants. Not really. I didn't really.You're just filling that out right now. That wasn't meant for me. I will not be your Valentine.Michael. Confession: I have done PDA in the office.I've had intercourse in the office.As has Angela!As has Ryan. As has Kelly. As has Meredith. As has Phyllis. As has Darryl. As has Creed.  As has Michael and as has Holly.Michael, that's absurd. What if two couples want to go at the same time?And what is the hook-up zone policy on masturbation?Yes!Hey. Hey. Come on. You're hurting him.Shh.Just hush.Just rock. Shh.Movie idea?Okay. Shh. Have you talked to her about your feelings? Women really go for that crap.Kevin! Do more stupid faces.I don't know.Do the monkey face!Good. He loves it. Good. Jump. Jump up and down.Go back to the monkey!Hurl your feces.Good.They really do that.My perfect Valentine's Day? I'm at home, three cell phones in front of me, fielding desperate calls from people who want to buy one of the 50 restaurant reservations I made over six months ago.I play Samuel, Michael Scarn's robot butler. I wanted Samuel's voice-  But Michael thought that Samuel should be a very advance android, almost indistinguishable from a real person.He cut the part where my circuit board malfunctioned! What was the point of spilling the drink on me?No no, he's doing it to catch the president!I have the best survival stock shelter in north eastern Pennsylvania. But everything has a shelf-life. So I must eat and replace everything that's about to expire. It's nice not to have to plan my meals.They're still good for another week.Hardy har har. Okay picture this: Snowy ash drizzles from the sky. A ravenous pack of dogs surrounds you as the flame at the end of your stick dies out. There's only one hope left for you. The door to my shelter. You pound, you beg, Dwight! Please let me in! But I ignore your cries and do not let you in. You wanna know why?No. Because you laughed at me. Kevin will be eaten! Pam will be taken slave! Jim will be made a warlord's gesture. Meredith will do ok. Be assured this day will come. It's just a matter of time. Could be one month, could be two months.Could be.I can see that happening, yes.That's a realistic time line.Perhaps.I can see that as a very real possibility.I can see that happening.Why's he talking to Holly?Holly, you approved this?I didn't order anything.Well there's a lot of seats in the annex.I have been sitting here for ten years, Michael.No it is not.I don't wanna move desks!Hey, who's dirt box is this?What do you grow in here, bullcrap?Kevin, in sumo culture, you'd be considered a promising up and comer.Hey Packer, I made you some hot chocolate.'Cause I wanna let bygones be bygones. Show you I'm cool. You're the new guy. It's cold out. I made too much. I got this awesome hot chocolate recipe from my wife.Drink it!None of your business.It wasn't poison Jim, it was a laxative. People take laxatives all the time. This is just, a lot more of a laxative. Let me handle this.Really.I know.Pepto-Bismol, in his hot chocolate.Ooh does Edgar Allan Poe know about that one? So sinister! That wouldn't annoy a person at all! Where do you come up with this stuff?Who is Justice Beaver?Why don't you write up your best forty ideas and e-mail them to me. Can you do that?Yeah, write up your list of one hundred, edit it down to your top forty, then e-mail it to me, and I'll read it over.They're all good. So good! Number three: eat a dog. I don't know, um, from practical stand point-Eat a brog. Maybe it's because I didn't understand it. I just had a couple of notes, let me grab a pen.  Damn it. Gah! Just when we were getting going.And you make sure to get down there and check out that Harry Potter World.Harry Potter World is supposed to be faaantastic!Check it out and have a free butterbeer on us. Keep the receipt and we'll get ya' back!He took my desk.It wasn't my first choice, Jim had so many better ideas.No, no, no. That is not part of the plan. That is actually anti-what we're doing.People! Look alive. It's showtime. Doors open in 3...2...1.It's good that its cold it will drive business inside.The warmth will lure people inside.This is how business...I'm not closing the door.Stop it.Uh oh, looks like someone's sign is a little crooked. Uh, looks awful. Need a thumb tack?Not so fast.Schrute's are farmers by hobby, and traders by trade. Through the art of the swap, I will walk out of this garage sale with the finest item here.I will trade you for the used candle.Come on, its trash, like your sign, unless you have this.That's how it's done.Oh, cause there's a huge line of people waiting in line who want your spinster chotskies.People like Ryan? Let me tell you about men like him. He comes over and you're like 'Hey baby let me light a candle' then you pull out this one half used and he's like 'Uh! Who else is she seeing? I better lock her down fast.'And the Jennifer Weiner collection.What is this?Professor Copperfield's Miracle Legumes?That's a common swindlers trick.So you wanna sell me magic beans.Nice try. No. Correction. Terrible try.You got this kosher certified?Ryan, you have such an interesting mind. So creative. All these new business ideas and artistic projects.Oh, its just Stanley's old photo album. I'm thinking about throwing it in the garbage. I mean, why would I want some random black mans old photo album on my bookshelf. I'm not James Franco.things are going very well. I traded a thumb tack for Meredith's junk for Kelly's crap for Phyllis' garbage for Oscars trash for Stanley's garbage for Ryan's junk for Creed's garbage for a very cute squid that Erin happened to have.Jim, put those away.just out of curiosity, what were the claims for those beans?I know right... what the?That... that's impossible.All right, I'll take them.Probably.I started with a thumb tack and traded my way to a telescope. But in a way the most valuable thing here wasn't the telescope at all. No, it was this... packet of beans. So I traded the telescope for it. And I can just go buy another telescope.Did I want to be made manager? Sure. A great opportunity squandered? Absolutely. A crushing blow? Yes. Will I get over it? No. But life goes on. Not for me.Thanks for meeting me.There's no turtle, Michael. I just wanted to get you here.That's because I'm your right-hand man, Michael, but I can't do it again. I can't do it again for a whole new guy.I want to be manager. I just don't understand why I wasn't even interviewed for the job. What's wrong? I was totally qualified, you were pushing for me.How do I become a manger at Sabre?I left a message at corporate.Can't you just use the recommendation you already have on file?From when he recommended me to replace him.Correction. Just you. Alright, meeting. Multi-function room.Just a little announcement folks, remember, the Dundies is a black tie affair.Every day is black tie optional!Always the padawan, never the Jedi.Appalling.  Surprisingly adequate! Okay everyone! The activities commence in four seconds!Ladies and gentlemen, please stand up for you co-host this evening, Michael Gary Scott.  Was that part of the...?Excuse me, can I get a photo of the Best Mom and the Best Dad please?Big smiles folks! There they are.We should just wait here and not get good seats in the conference room?I thought it was the worst Dundies I've ever been to.Gladly! I'd accept that award, because a b1tch, is a female dog!I just don't see a point in the Dundies! Okay? The jokes are terrible, the venue is bad, the fashion is boring.And next time, why don't you pick a co-host, that doesn't have microphone-a-phobia!Michael?I've got a treat for you!Colorado specialty, Rocky Mountain Oysters.Hah!What is wrong with you? I'm the sick freak? After what you did? You expect to be buttled? You didn't recommend me?!Where did you hear that? Obvious XM Radio?Great idea.Especially if you think that life would be better without Legs!Black Bears can smell a salami at five miles Michael, what are you thinking?! And they run faster than a horse, so if you were thinking about outrunning one on a horse I would try a cheetah. You, in tight pants, Michael, are a salami to a Black Bear. Do you understand?  You're like a giant walking salami!Any kind of meat that you can possibly name!I've given up expecting Michael to do the right thing. Or the decent thing. Or even the comprehensible thing.Yes.This is gonna be good.  Ohhh, yeah.Oh, wow, thank you. That was so kind of you.It's just that I own the coffee shop. So, once you've seen sausage being made, all you want to do is make sausage, because it's so much fun.I think you'll find what you're looking for  over there.Congratulations on your one cousin. I have seventy. Each one better than the last.I'm just not a suck-up like everyone else around here. Okay? I do my job well, so why don't you just leave me alone and let me do it. Okay?What?No you're not.No.No.No.No.No.No.What's the argument here? NBA, WNBA. One is a sport, one is a joke. I love sports, I love jokes. Room for all.No!So, he kicked you out of the inner circle, huh?Really? Anything.Deangelo, tell your whore to leave me alone.Pass. If I wanted to see a pissing contest, I'd lock Mose in the chicken coop.Okay, a little about me. I respond to strong leadership.No, you can't get flowers for someone who's in a coma. They'll wilt before he wakes up.Wait, wait. All in favor of the knapsack filled with canned goods, chainsaw, gasoline, and emergency radio in case he wakes up post-apocalypse?Mose... you'll never guess where I am right now.Excellent. Morning announcements! There's been a problem with some people sharing copier codes. Your copier code is a distinct 21-digit number that is unique to you, and you only, okay? Don't share it.  Jo Bennett, our CEO, will be here today for a high-level meeting involving Gabe and myself.That's on a need-to-know basis.General meet-and-greet. So I expect you to be on your best behavior, which means none of you will be insubordinate, nor will you foment insurrection.Define foment.Please take note of the new color-coding system.Aha!Gotcha! Why are you late?All right. You stop me when I reach the diseased area.Hey, hey, hey, hey. What do you think you're doing? What's this? What's the Fist?You expect me to believe that you're starting a rebellion?Okay, you know what? I would love to join The Fist.I will never be happier than I am right now. I will also never be less happy. I will be at my current maximum happiness for the rest of my life. Because I am manager of the Scranton Branch of Dunder Mifflin. Acting Manager.Ah, Jim, Jim, Jim. The g*n is a Beaumont-Adams. Jo collects them. I thought we could have some nice small talk about it. And the piranha's a rescue.The desk is a replica of Uday Hussein's desk. I saw a picture in Newsweek. Listen, I'm a very busy man. Let's get right down to business.Jo is coming later today. I cannot have a subordinate trying to make me look stupid. Okay? I need you to promise me that you'll be on your best behavior.Don't make me fire you.Don't make me pre-fire you.Watch this. You're pre-fired. And when I'm promoted, you'll be full fired.What?How you doing, Jordan?Everyone here thinks that you're a joke. They think that you were hired because of your good looks, which won't last long anyway. As your pale skin and severe bone structure imply, you'll age swiftly and poorly.Now I want you to find out what people are saying about me, things they don't want me to know abou- Ohh... it's a holster.Oh, what a day. What a day.The holster was a gift from my great-uncle Honk. Um, I don't know. I guess he's saying that he's proud of me.The g*n is just an accessory to the holster, okay? I can't walk around wearing an empty holster.Why do you need to keep wearing those booby shirts all the time?Uh... hello!Why would I put a banana in my holster?Okay. All right. Fine. Everyone calm down. Someone get me a banana. Sorry I freaked you guys out - aah!No, no, no. All we know is that a g*n fired. That's all we know! No. That's not true. Actually, we heard a loud noise. Later, a hole was seen. No one saw the bullet leave the g*n.Okay, why are you calling Jo?Okay, everyone! Conference room, right now!I can't do this. Um, look. Obviously, a g*n went off under my watch, and I'm launching a full investigation.Really? You did? What hand was I holding the g*n in? What did Andy's tie look like?I have no way of knowing if that's true.Okay, really?Come on.I just really, really think we should handle this internally.Because you guys are my best friends, and I mean that. Managing you for this last week has been the greatest honor of my life. And if you ruin this, I will burn this office to the ground. And I mean that figuratively. Not literally. Because you guys are so... so important... to me. I love you guys. But don't cross me. But you're the best.There he is! Our hero!  You look fantastic. How you doing? Here, tell us your war stories.Did they say what caused it? Because I know you like putting Q-tips deep into your ear canal.American Idol? What? No.No.Okay, fine. You can go on your singing audition.I put everything back in the vending machine.Okay.Thank God.What's jazz hands?Fine.Hello, Jo. Welcome. Well, shall we begin?Well, what can you do? Life.Oscar, can you print out last year's sale statements?No, Kevin, come on.Kevin, not now.Okay, okay. Shh!You're kidding me.  Oh God, what am I touching? It's moist.Oh, it's so wet.I can't. I can't push harder!Okay, how's that?I'm kneading it!Jo... I accidentally fired a g*n in the office today.I am telling you this because I care too much about this job to be blackmailed into doing it poorly. All I've ever wanted was to be manager here. And if you feel that you cannot promote me over this one accident, I understand. But if you think that extortion is worse -It was a Beaumont-Adams, if that helps.I take full responsibility.Pam made me put a banana in my holster.Okay. Did I make a mistake? Yes. Do I regret the decision that I made? Yes.Got it.Jo, please... I will -Shut up.They won't make me manager, and I won't settle for anything less. I've gone about as far as I can here. That's obvious. Time to take my talents elsewhere.Bread is the paper of the food industry. You write your sandwich on it.What makes you feel qualified to judge a place after a mere interview?  Stop trying to figure me out.You can't.No, it's not.Stop trying to figure me out.  Do you even know anything about paper? How it's made?Get out.I'm gonna prevent inferior men from sullying my place of work with their weak, passionless leadership. Do you see my hat? No? That's because I just threw it in the ring.I want an interview.How's the family?Good. They good?What's your daughter's name again? Peepee?Peepa, how is she?Great! Oh, that's great... We never were very good at small talk, were we, Jim?Now, listen,...Okay, I know why you're saying that, Jim, I really do, but think of it this way. The hand that reaches from the grave to grip your throat  is the strong hand you want on the wheel.I'm going to make you an offer. Okay? You even do so little as grant me an interview, I will guarantee you your dream work life. Okay? You roll in at 10 a.m. to your own private reserved parking spot, pick up your daily free coffee from Dwight's Caffeine Corner, unlimited s*x breaks for you and Pam...Erin will eat garbage for your entertainment.Ha ha!Fine. I'll do it without you, but you'll regret this.Let me get that for you.Okay.Jo, may I speak to you for a second?Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha! Ohh, I enjoy laughing at my mistakes, because I've learned so much from them. I'd like to be interviewed for the position.Okay.It's complicated.Assistant Regional Manager.Assistant Regional Manager.Assistant Regional Manager.Uhh. Wait. Wait! No. Stop! Stop. Jo...  It's me. I'm Dwight.Yeah.I would have dressed this way every day, legally changed my name, learned French sign language, shown up, and been the best damn branch manager you'd ever seen!Yes.Silence?Dwight Schrute.You have to interview me...I demand more questions!Okay! If you're not going to interview me, then I'll do it.What will be your first priority? I will have seven first priorities. Safety, profits, fostering a community of self-reliance and entrepreneurship, listening, respect for human life, bolstering our public image, and...  I am going to institute a strict no-firearms policy for this office that extends to myself as well. Wow. All of my concerns are disappearing.Thank you.Well, it's not entirely up to you, is it? Seems to me like someone's getting a little power-mad.What a surprise! Minorities sticking together.We're gonna miss you, Gabe.I will run this branch, or I will destroy this branch, or...No, I insist.K... Kevin!Yeah, at first, I was really disappointed, but I've got a great daily routine going right now. I have upped my karate to eight times a week. I've added boxing - lunches and on weekends. I do kickboxing three times a week. Krav Maga four times a week. An hour of meditation every morning at sunrise and again at sunset. So yeah, I'm doin' great.K, I'm gonna need some help. Pam?Hoist him aloft. C'mon Darryl. Lift, lift Darryl.Say no more.Specially with me around.What are you looking at?It can't be nothing.Nice catch.Phyllis! Phyllis! You okay? You okay?... 2, 3!Okay, which side of the list am I on?Yes!This is if we were all on a cruise ship and had to divide into lifeboats. This is if we were on a cruise ship and had to divide into life rafts. Here's something. Who would eat who in an Alive' situation. No... that can't be it.Shhh, Pam. C'mon, don't be such a right-sider.No, it's not. Here's how we find out. Let's line up and compare the lines, see if we learn anything. Okay, left-siders over here. Right-siders, line up over here. Face each other. Match it by height and relative weight. Let's just size each other up here and left side of the list... ATTACK!That's great. Let's do this guys.You know, I feel comfortable enough now to ask you this question... what made you pick this group?Okay!Losers.C'mon.C'mon, c'mon.C'mon.Ha ha, I knew it! Ha ha! Yes! Woo!Oh, we did. It was the best time. And you know what? Now it's over. Back to work everyone. You too Andy.Jim, shut the door. This is just gross.Good night.This week we are rolling out the brand new Sabre tablet....the Pyramid.So, you can tell your clients: "Unleash the power of the pyramid."Oh no no no. Without the battery pack and optional memory booster, it's barely three pounds.Fifty L.You're really going to want the booster.Thank you.Is this really the best use of our collective time?OK, let's look at some ties.Here's how I'm going to help out from now on. I'm going to not care, and I'm going to sit around quietly waiting for Andy's inevitable demise.Your friend Neil Patrick Harris really made me laugh the other night.We could talk about how fast children grow up, and before you know it they're out of the house.Let me guess, somebody needs a brownie...? Lick the spoon?Is this about the profits? Because if it is I just don't see the point. It's so Wall Street.Right?Good. Really really good.Oh, it is. And beets are not immune. We made some inroads in salads, but heirloom tomatoes are pushing back.I don't know, what do you mean?You wanted the job, the job is yours. Just do the job!  And I'll do mine..... walnuts?Yeah!Obviously you can go the ass tattoo route and obviously, I'm gonna like it.DRAW SOME BLOOD!....back orders and you never called them.OK, you know what? I'm gonna give him something to drink. Come here, doggy.  Come on.There you go! Here doggy! He's not even trying. Come here doggy, come on.Whoa, Oscar! What are you- What? No, hey!Nein. Sits.  Goot.Yeah, that'll work.Bye poochie!Before taxes.I know what you'd do with all that money.  "Hey Pam, let's buy expensive bathrobes and hug."I think we'll be fine.Hey...OK no. No. That. You are so not...oh god.  False. Andy, I will volunteer.Negative! Three hundred boxes for me, zero for you chumps. Deal with it!Yup.Well, they whipped people which was helpful. But you're right. We should be able to find a more efficient way of moving boxes than Madge or Heday.No, no. Very smart. Uh, theirs is more of a physical intelligence.Like baboons or elephants.Kevin! Doesn't apply.Hey, idiot. What did Erin want again?Message in a Bottle, The Postman...Kevin Costner.It's not the greatest one either...And it's clear we're not going to carry them.Exactly.Yep. He'll be fine.Uh, it's not totally empty.OK, I can see why you're angry, you're coming into this cold. But believe me a lot of thought went into this.I don't know.OK. You know what? It's been a real busy day, what do you say we put all this away.It's uh, it's in beta testing.Get the thing, go! Lube it up, Kevin! Start mopping.What's going on?Oh, that's funny. Wait, from the photo shoot with you and me?No. No. No! NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!  NOOOOOOOOO!Schrute Farms is very easy to find, it's right in the middle of the root vegetable district. If the soil starts to get acidic, you've probably gone too far.It's simpler this way.And please refer to the map, stay off of the web. Thank you.They don't warn you when the cameras are driving by.There's so much more to it than that.I've been wanting Schrute Farms to break into the high-end event hosting industry for some time, and this party is a great opportunity. Plus, I've got a secret weapon.MR. RYAN HOWARD!STANLEY HUDSON AND HIS MISTRESS CYNTHIA! JAMES, PAMELA, AND PEEPEE HALPERT!MR. AND MRS. WALTER AND ELLEN BERNARD!Set that down.  Present yourself.LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, MAY I PRESENT, ROBERT CALIFORNIA!Ladies and gentlemen! The last supper.My first love is beet farming, but it's a young man's game. Who ever heard of an old beet farmer?Oh really? Well, we have a number of birthday packages. The Pewter Package has the least amount of goats, not no goats, it's still 10-12 goats, depending on the availability of the goats. Now the Goat Package obviously has the most goats. What were you thinking?I can get you exotic meats  hippo steaks, giraffe burgers...It'll all be goat.Who cares.MR. JAMES HALPERT!Stop forgetting things.MR. JAMES HALPERT!What? Idiot.MIS... MI... What are you doing?That's a stupid question, obviously mISTER JAMES HALPERT!It's called a costume.Ryan, will you please tell her who I am?Has no one here heard of Kerrigan, from Starcraft? Queen of blades? It's all Toby's fault.Yeah, perfectly mediocre.I'm a Jamaican zombie woman, leave me alone, ghoul.Damnit. I AM Kerrigan from Starcraft! I've been censored.Kerrigan is ruler of the Zerg swarm!Yeah, but no nipples.It's a root you idiot.That's really rude. I don't tell you hurricanes suck even though it's true.Try influenza.Open up a newspaper. Oh look a hurricane's coming. I suppose you're going to tell me the scariest animal is a shark?Yeah I'm serious.Loser.Go, get up there right now.You wanna attack or let them come to us? Your call, B.Nice.Got 'em. Go!Sorry, go ahead.Wha...Yes. Your attention. Uh because... No that is all.Last night I dreamed that the number two was the most valued number in the world. The vice president had all the power. Athletes fought for silver medals. Women were considered the best gender. And stadiums of fans shouted "We're number two!'. As with all my dreams, I'm guessing it was about my fear of immigrants.I may have a little solution to our mistakes problem. This is a project I've been working on for quite some time and today, might be the day to use it.Ugh...should've used a shorter string. Never mind, I know it by heart. It is a system that holds people accountable for everyone else's work.Have I not been worthy of your trust? Have I not been a reliable number two?Well, I can make this work. I'll set it up right now. Just need your go ahead.I will do my voodoo.The accountability booster. It registers every time a mistake has been made in the office. From a late delivery to an accounting error. Five strikes in a day equals a home run. One home run and you're out.Or in this case an email gets sent to Robert California containing the consultants report from last year. Remember the one that recommended the branch be shutdown? And as a fail-safe also every negative email you've ever written about him to the group will also be forwarded to him.Robert's favorite songs: Creep by TLC, Creep by Radio Head. You remember that one Jim? There is no way he hasn't strangled at least one stripper. Oscar. He eats his yogurt like he is punishing it for disappointing him. Kelly.P.S. We should should k*ll him.No, it's an accountability booster.Jim, you're trying to make me sound like some kind of evil maniac. Now the point is that we are now working in an environment where we have accountability to each other. I am confident that you guys are equal to the task.Smile...nod. Smile and nod.They are making me out to be a Bond villian. I like to think of myself as a brilliant scientist who will stop at nothing to remake the world. Like...not Doctor Moreau someone good. Doctor Frankenstein, Doctor Jekyll, not them. Doctor...But the device will change that. Without a safety net, people will improve.Oh, there's one mistake.It's not a doomsday device, gosh.  We can do this you guys.Well, I wouldn't say that. Three mistakes already is pretty terrible, but I do see improvement. Meredith kept someone on hold for thirty minutes and now look she's hard at work.No questions.Accountability booster.I haven't even considered it. That's how sure I am that this accountability booster is going to work.How about Scrantonstrangler666.No. Oh shoot. Ha ha ha...You guys are never gonna shut down the machine, ok? But I appreciate your energy and your team work. If you applied this to your regular work, You won't even notice that the device is there, watching you ready to strike.Really?It goes out automatically at five P.M.Well, I would have to enter my password in order to cancel it.No.You don't deserve to have this branch. Five mistakes in less than a day.No you didn't, Phyllis. You complained the whole time. You yelled at me. You tried to break into the machine.  What?!Hey, you can't just change the rules because you don't like the outcome. What about you, Kevin? What about you and your fake task? Can you tell me now where paper comes from?Ha. Ok, alright. Andy back me up here, please.What?Good luck finding a new job idiots. I'll make sure to write you a glowing reference. Glowingly negative.Oh. Come to reason with me?Get lost.What does it look like I'm doing? Digging a grave for a horse.If you hit another horse, you've dug to far.In. I'm hungry.Okay. Take off your shoes. Except you Kevin, they stay on.This is the new addition, built my Erasmus Schrute in 1808. It doubled as a tuberculosis recovery room until 2009.Did you just have a stroke, Pam? It's "Nobody's perfect." Nice stroke, Pam.I hadn't heard that before, that's, that's funny.Any specific animal?Don't say cow- Ugh.Sive drafely.They're not my favorite people in the world. I wouldn't even call them friends. They come over here, eat my pie, dig the crappiest horse grave you've ever seen.  God, I'm gonna have to work with them forever, aren't I?Andy I'm really sorry about your mother. My deepest condolences.Oh we know.Ok ok ok no no no. This is disgusting. You realize what you're saying? The hottest thing ever would be a 66 year old pregnant woman.No! There are universal biological standards of beauty and attraction. And you are purposefully celebrating the opposite of them to mollycoddle a pregnant woman.Yes you are. And another thing. Helen Mirren was born Helen Mironov. That's right. You're fake salivating over a Soviet era Russian.That's just absurd.Her breasts are large, her waist is small, her reproductive health in ample evidence. And facial symmetry- come on.Why would I or anyone else think that you're hot right now? I can't impregnate you, and that's the driving force between male-female attraction.Meh... you were at your most attractive when you were 24 with a slight, gradual decline and a steep drop-off when you got pregnant for the first time. Gradual recovery and, uh, well now, obviously, you're at an all-time low.You think Jim's lying?  That's so cute. I know he's lying.Done.  I never touch a pregnant woman.If we're going to work together, we need some ground rules.Rule one: our only loyalty is to the truth.Rule two: we stop at nothing.Rule three: Don't fall in love.We're gonna bust this guy.So important. And then we will destroy the man himself.None taken. What do you got?I don't see what's so ugly about him. He's got the broad face of a brewer.Hmm?Just ugly enough to have deniability.Well, Jim may be lying with his words, but he can't lie with his body.The male reveals attraction through unconscious and involuntary physical signs. The puffing of the chest, mirroring, increased blood flow to the crotch. I say we start there.With the crotch.Psst. We're not here.Exactly.Okay, just shut it.I can't tell. It's unnaturally sunken.  Busted. He just was mirroring. Did you see that?Jim has no discernible sense of humor, Pam. You should know that.Time for me to find out.Just going to walk over here-I'm fine, I'm totally fine.Yes?  Wha- Jim.Aw, cramp, I'm just-I'm sorry, I fell down, Mr. Balance.Does your husband have very soft erections? Because if not, I just grabbed a very soft pen1s for nothing.She called it crazy? Aw, man, that's insulting. All I did was propose a makeshift lie-detector test. Monitoring his blood pressure, pulse, perspiration, and breathing rate.And she called it nuts?Come on.Stop shoving me. Stop grabbing my pen1s. Grow up. Take off your jacket and take a seat. When it lies, the human body exhibits many telltale signs.Why don't you go check out the sympathy cards, old man?  Now I'm going to ask you just a few simple questions. Wait for this to constrict. Here we go. Is your name Jim Halpert?We have to start with a baseline question to establish what the truth is.Well, that's what they taught me in my 19th century kindergarten.Jim, are you serious?Okay, you're done.Do you really, Tin Man? Okay, where were we?Do you find Cathy Simms attractive?Yep, he's lying.I would listen to my homemade test, because your husband is definitely lying. In fact, he's lied about every question. Even his name. Who are you really?Look at the numbers. Every single time, it's come up 150 over 100. Your husband is a pathological liar.Oh, he is definitely attracted to her.It's important to go every month and get your prostate checked. You can do it at home by yourself with your finger. You just stick it-It's not really your choice, is it? Death waits for no man.Doesn't it worry you in the slightest that Jim is not his real name?But... hey, Cece's toothbrush.Gettysburg? Hmm. Could be interesting. Second-most northern battle in the Civil War.Ha!The Civil War history industry has conveniently forgotten about the battle of Schrute Farms.  Whatever. I'm over it. It's just grossly irresponsible.Guess I'm a sucker for historical fiction.Total deaths belongs to Gettysburg but when you're talking about D.P.A., that's deaths per acre......nothing beats the battle of Schrute Farms.Oh, it is. And you should read some of these letters that the soldiers wrote home. I mean, it makes the battle of Gettysburg sound like a bunch of schoolgirls wrestling over a hairbrush.  I'm telling you, they're heartbreaking too. So beautifully written.The truth.No, no, no! You're filling her head with nonsense. You and the history books. I'm telling the truth.Yes, thank you. All of history has been whitewashed.Okay, I will. I don't know who that is, but I'm gonna tell you this-Gettysburg was very important. Credit where credit is due, okay? Big, mad props to Gettysburg. Was it, however, the most northern battle of the civil war?Not by a long shot!No, it was not!No, it was not. Was it the second-most northern?Sure! I will cede it was the second-most northernmost battle!Was it the northernmost? No. Get out of here, Oscar.Excuse me, I got a question for you.Can you tell us about the battle of Schrute Farms?Really. Okay, follow-up question. How much are they paying you to keep your mouth shut?You said you weren't going to look back.Really?Well. Anyone employed by the Gettysburg Industrial Complex is certainly going to want to keep quiet about the Battle of Schrute Farms.YES! Ha! Prepare to be refuted! Go on.Hallowed ground.I've seen enough.Oh, little help. Wow your hair is really thinning.Standing is proven to be healthier, increases productivity and just looks cooler. Picture someone doing something heroic. Now was he sitting or standing? Not counting FDR.Every second you sit there is an hour off your life. Look at all of you. I feel like you're in a su1c1de cult.Oh yeah?That's right Jim.Hey.No. Putting a load on more like it.Last thing I need is luck.What are you doing? Give that back. Come on!Oh that's real creative.I could, but I just don't feel like it loser.Standing.Don't!Standing.I know.Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock.Remember how you said that you were looking in the office to do calisthenics and aerobics?Well today's your lucky day. I have opened in this very office building Dwight Schrute's Gym for Muscles. You wanna take a look?Your path from obesity begins right here!Obese people in my office are a drain on resources. Chairs wear out faster, it takes more Freon to keep them cool, they flush the toilets more often, plus their massive BMs bust the rivets on my pipes. But a gym turns fat into cash.Maybe you do. Hi. I'm Dwight. Sales is really not so hard ok? It's paper. We have it and they want it so bad they are willing to pay for it.It's the second easiest job in the world.  Being a mom.That is true.That's me.Maybe over a beer after she's closed her first sale .Ready? What do you think?You haven't even looked around yet. Look. Gravel bucket squat yoke . You ever cut tin before? Five yards in and your forearms will be on fire. Plus I will buy the tin back from you that you cut for two cents a yard. Now let's go over membership. I'm going to need the first month's and the last month's up front. $49 per month. But every third month is $59 a month. But the fourth month is a discount month at $19 per month...Darryl...Attention! I am now accepting memberships for Dwight Schrute's Gym for Muscles. The first 20 members can take advantage of the pay what you weigh promotion.Kelly?That's okay. I know how to build a business. You gotta get the black people to do it to get the white people to do it. Then you gotta get the black people to stop doing it. One step at a time.What do you think you're doing?I build you this temple to the human body, and you're lifting what, five pounds?I was watching you. You want to know how long it really was?Eight minutes!Is that the same philosophy you apply to buffalo wings?  I want you to bring that same buffalo wing passion to this gym! I'm gonna make you look like Lebron James!That's what I said.I know.This is my gym, my rules. You do exactly as I say, no questions asked.First thing, we're gonna stretch the pelvic bowl. Ready? Get down on the floor.Really? Too embarrassing for you? Huh? You wish that every exercise was strutting around the gym like the Fonz? Well how do you think the Fonz got so cool? He stretched his pelvic bowl!You're nothing! You're so weak, you call yourself a man? Huh?Okay, fine. Finish your set on your own and never come back to my gym again!All right, I'll help you. But first, you gotta tell me what your goal is. What do you want?No! Because if that was the case, the bar would be up by now. What is your goal?What do you want!?!Val Kilmer? I don't buy it. That doesn't make any sense. Wow... I figured out your goal. I am going to make you the buffest dude Val Kilmer has ever seen.What about my wish that we don't have to attend meetings that degrade our sense of adulthood?Where? Dark side or light side?Is it by the Sea of Tranquility?Thank you, Andy.Fine with me. Jim can leave anytime he wants. Goodbye.I just wanna say, this is not my fault. OK? The weak always bully the strong. Contrary to what you see in the media. I am always acting in self-defense. Occasionally preemptive self-defense.What is it?No, absolutely not.Boom!Ah! I've been attacked! Oh my god! Oh! Someone put a porcupine in my drawer!Yeah, I was just sitting here at my desk and I, I reached into my drawer to grab my toothbrush and some tooth powder and, and all of a sudden I was attacked by this blood thirsty rabid creature!Or who in this office knows that I have access and is trying to set me up?Hello? Lacerated hand here folks.Oh is it really? Two separate times you have set me up to believe I was being recruited by the CIA.You see?Might wanna run that by Angela cause it's so cute.Come down right away!Yes, I was quilled.Henrietta.Enough of this garbage.  Yeah!!!! Christmas!!!!What are we gonna do with all that bonus money, Henrietta? Huh?Ah, man. Ah, fell asleep, took a nap. Hey guys, ah I feel refreshed now. How's it goin?Took a little nap right next to Jim's desk. I feel so good right now. Mmm, cookies. What's everyone staring at?Knew it! I knew it! Soon as I heard that wrapper.You need to stop banging your pen on your desk or it's going to drive me insane.Animals, machines, vast virtual armies. All of these things I have successfully managed. The only thing I haven't managed is people. I saw an ad on the Sabre website for an open manager position in their printers division. I spoke to Robert California about it and he said for me to come by and see him sometime. So, like a Spanish conquistador, I have come to Florida to claim what is rightfully mine.Dwight Schrute for Robert California!I'm not here to be given anything. I'm here to take what is mine.Gabe? You don't know?Hmm. Impressive office you have here. Surrounded by shrubbery, like a squirrel's office.Robert.Yes.Very good.Gabe, I always wondered what it is you did around here. Now I found out. You're the bagel guy.Meat grinder.You know, Gabe? You could have gone with garbage disposal, incinerator or eraser, and instead you chose toilet. God bless you. You're an American classic.But I can give you this pitch in one minute-Still an important position. Still a chief.There's no fires within eight miles of here.What? No, no. Excuse me! Lady! Get anyone from the COO's office on the phone this instant!So it's a very simple argument of why I should be put in charge of southeast printer sales. Nobody has sold more printers in the northeast than me. Bottom line, I know the product. I get it!Oh my God.Most of all, I believe that character is destiny. And my character is one that- wait why are you smiling?What's with the smile?And my character is one that will never give up until greatness is on the horizon, behind us.Take me to Robert.Take me to his house.You know where it is. Lead me there.Listen, you're a perfectly fine toilet. I'm just an extraordinary piece of crap. Let's go.Which one is it?Robert! Robert California! Robert!No thank you.Let me tell you why I should be the next manager with a riddle: A manager, a salesman, a leader and a warrior walk into a restaurant. The hostess says, "table for one?" How is this possible?Yes, exactly. Riddle number two: Who is going-N... it's complicated.It's a job interview, not a flea market.Yes.Oh, ugh.Jim, come on! That's so juvenile! What the-Ugh.Aw, man.  This is not very clever, Jim.Really Jim? Really? Very funny.Thirty-two meatballs.That idiot's been feeding us for a week.Big. Stupid. Pure chump bait.What-I'm relaxing. Scram.Oh really?Yeah, you want to play you little hick?You regret attacking me now, hick? Huh?I'm not going to help you. Why would you choose me? Because I'm mighty? Because I'm the manliest man in the office? I'll do it.You stop.No, you stop.Okay, you can stop.No, you can stop.Ah, mmm. So good. Now take a chip, crush it into my face, really rub the grease around. Do it. Now rub it in. Oh, yeah, that's so good. Ah...Damn it.We can get some chicken fights going in the pool.Chicken fight!Hey, Cathy. Chicken fight!Yeah- oh!Woohoo! Yes!I know. I could just bang you right now.Maybe we should take a little break.Okay.Go!Erin, did we win?You're lying. We didn't win.Ugh. Same old party, same old people. Am I right? Reminds me of Phyllis's birthday.I know.  But boy, that Erin. She sure is a ripe little tiger, isn't she? Rroww! And to think, I always thought of her as a second Meredith. Respectfully, I don't want us walking into a similar Angela kind of situation.So I just want to make sure that you are completely, one hundred percent done with Erin.Not what I asked.So then you won't mind if tonight I just go crazy on her, just go nuts, rrargh. With s*x.You're an idiot.Can't believe they let someone like you serve on a jury. Makes me question the whole judicial system.Of course you found him not guilty.  "Oh, he apologized and I just really want him to like me, mm."Not coming, have plans.I was in Los Angeles last year. Jim tricked me into thinking I'd won a walk-on part on NCIS, but that's not important. While I was being kicked off the lot, I saw food trucks everywhere. Everyone in Los Angeles eats from them. And nobody calls them restaurants.So this whole hit and run thing, there's just one part I can't figure out. You said it was at a four-way stop...And the victim rode his bicycle into the left hand turn lane but the perp was already in the left-hand turn lane?See, that's what I'm having trouble with, because the fact is, you never said he was on a bicycle.  Busted, Halpert!Yes! Andy, get out here.I am making a citizen's arrest. You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to beg for mercy. You have the right to request judgment by combat. Dwight's rights.Jim was lying about jury duty. He was lying the whole time so he could go do yoga or go canoeing. I don't know what this pervert likes. Fire him!I have Jim on the record saying that the vic-I don't- I don't need to take a chill pill.I really don't want to take the chill pill.Okay, okay.  But let's just say that Jim was lying about jury duty. You would have to fire him, right?That's good enough for me.Okay, everybody, gather 'round. Got a real special surprise for you.Okay- oh, Jim. Hey, this guy look familiar?No, Toby!He says, "No!" Boom!Okay, he remembers Toby, the most forgettable man in the known world.Great. And while we're enjoying these delicious empanadas, Jim, why don't you tell us your story again?Walk us through it. What time would you get there every morning?Wait, wait. You live by the courthouse. So you drove from near the courthouse, out to Jim's house, and then back to the courthouse?You're screwed! Oh, it's happening. It's really happening.Your clients. They're all mine.All right, well. Let's get this show on the road, shall we? Allow me to give you a hand.No, no, no. You said- you said that you were-That's it? This is crap!Gabe, it's Dwight again. Highest priority, triple-urgent. Call me. Immediately. That means ASAP.I'm gonna find Gabe, tell him what Jim did and let the little stickler do what he does best: stickle.Oh, hey. Have you seen Gabe?Okay.Psh! Why? I know what Angela and the senator look like. I can mash that up in my head right now.So don't.What?How long before?Yes I did.I want to see the baby.Oh, yes. Oh, what a beautiful child. Prominent forehead, short arms, tiny nose. You will lead millions...  willingly, or as slaves.That baby is a Schrute. And unless somebody taught Mose s*x, that baby is mine.Angela, this child is definitely mine. He looks just like me.Need I remind you that we were together a month before the wedding?Completely true. Remember? Angela. No.You said that Robert was not fulfilling you--and I said, "I bet I could fulfill you," and you said, "I'd like to see you try," and then I kissed you with the force of a thousand waterfalls.And then I inserted my penis-Into your-v*g1n* and-Admit that there is a chance.Admit it. Admit it.Yeah.Before I go, may I?Nurse, you know that baby in there, baby Philip? Cancel the circumcision.I just might be his father.Oh, right.  The office looks different now. Huh. Smaller. Maybe I just feel bigger. Hello Gabe.Oh, you know, I did but now it seems infinitely insignificant.Jim? Oh, right. Nah, forget it. He was doing it for his kids. I get it. Kids drive us dads crazy. Sometimes I feel like they're raising us. Am I right?What are you doing here? You just had our baby. Our collective Dunder Mifflin...family baby. Four days ago.What?You can't tantalize me.OK.If you make me head of sales one more time, I swear.Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes, yes, yes, hi-yes! Yeah yeah yeah yeah!The Shrutes have a word for when everything comes together in a man's life perfectly: Perfectinschlag. Hmm. Right now, I am in it. I finally get a chance to prove myself to corporate, I am assembling a competent team, I am likely a father, I am so deep inside of perfectinschlag right now. And just to be clear, there is a second definition, "perfect pork anus" which I don't mean.Pam, pack up your post-natal swimwear, make it a one piece or this offer is rescinded, and join me on a fantastic barbeque one week from today in Tallahassee, Florida where I'm going to be living for the next three weeks.Mm hm.Eh! No plus one's. This is for competent workers only. And don't worry about the cost, Sabre is footing the bill.God, you're such a spy.My first task as special project manager Dwight Shrute? Assembling a crack team. I need people who are loyal. People who'll help me get an inroad with the gay Hispanic community. People who won't be missed. We don't need idiots, good for nothing's, methheads or... What's your name?Kathy.Yes.Oh my god.Are you kidding me?! I'm supposed to get in an airplane with those nincompoops? We'd never get off the runway.Oh god.Kevin!? Kelly!? Kathy!? Andy just gave me a chain with three weak links. Have you ever tried to use a chain with three weak links? I have. And now I no longer own an arctic wolf.May I have your attention please? Could Kathy, Darryl, Phyllis, Kevin and Kelly please join me in the conference room immediately?Oh, no big deal. It's just that you five have been deemed most deserving of a three week all expenses paid business trip to Tallahassee, Florida.Oh, I'm sorry Stanley, I can't share any more details with you. You see, Andy rejected you.I can understand your pain and your rage, but you know what? Andy is an honorable man, let us not question his choices. I'm sure he had his reasons.I know, you and me both, brother. It seemed kinda random to me, but he was pretty clear on who he thought truly deserved this boondoggle of a lifetime.Good point. But we're gonna be working pretty hard until five PM. After that it's gonna be beach volleyball, trips to Cape Canaveral, and sea kayaking with Gloria Estefan.It might be innate goodness versus innate badness? But there's an easy way to find out.  Oh Andy, gotta few questions for you.Uh, the Florida picks got out, and people were just kind of curious as to why they weren't picked and maybe you could just clarify?Hey. Be proud of your enormous monster baby. I was once an enormous monster baby.OK hey. I specifically remember there were a lot of other people I thought should be considered.Great idea! So why doesn't everyone just take the next five to six hours, come up with a statement on why you feel you deserve to go to Florida and Andy and I will listen to it.Three to four hours.Two to three hours...Come up with a statement in the next hour....I have already picked my team: Darryl, Oscar, Angela, Phyllis and Toby and that is the team that I am taking. What's that? It's not up to me? I only have influence? Well, that's all Baltzer Gladfielder had and no one eats owls for Thanksgiving.Mm-hm. Powerpoints are the peacocks of the business world. All show, no meat.Ok. Thank you Kevin, we'll let you know.Wow. Seasonal effective disorder, AKA: sad. That sounds like a very real thing, Toby.Maybe it's what she does here...You know I don't think it's a good idea for you to clear your head any more than it has been already. I think you need a workplace where the burdens of everyday life keep you tethered to reality.Well,  No! No! Absolutely not! You are not going. Over my dead body, no. Andy?I wouldn't say that...it's a bit much.Jim is essential to th-Andy, Jim is just too...essen-...This is stupid! Cut.He doesn't even want to go.Oh my god.What?No.No!(Bleep)You've gotta be (bleep)-ing kidding me. Ok. Ok, Florida group, welcome to the team.  AHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!Let's go, step it up you runts. You infants, let's move.Hot? What are you talking about? This is a nice temperate Florida morning. Eighty-five degrees, seventy-five percent humidity. This is the exact environment you will be facing for the next three weeks of your life. Welcome to special projects orientation. The next three weeks of your life are gonna be the most miserable you've ever faced. They're gonna be hard, they're gonna be dirty. You're gonna wish you were dead.But? There's not buts. That's it. You'll wish you were dead. You seem a little disturbed, you wanna stay here?Cause if any of you would prefer to stay here, all you need to do is ring this bell.SHUT UP MAGGOT! YOU DON'T WANT TO GO, RING THE BELL! RING IT! Ring it.How many of you have seen the documentary Deliverance?I released three hundred mosquitoes in the conference room, just temporarily. When I'm done, the frogs will take care of the mosquitoes.Yes, when he brushes your soft supple cheeks with his worn leathery hands and says "I'm gonna make you the seventh Mrs. Rosenblatt" unless you ring this bell. Ring it! Ring the bell. You wanna spend the rest of your life changing your husband's colostomy bags? Huh? Do you? Ring it! Wha-,  oh. What was that?Orientation is over.Ok, Florida team, let's reconvene.So Sabre has set up a conference room for our use while we're at corporate.Basically Sabre has tasked us with helping them branch into the retail marketplace. They want to set up their own version of an Apple store.It did, it did.Oh, I like it.No. We sell business tools and the stores need to reflect that. They need to be all business. Let all the other stores look like a toy store.Yes. What are my expectations for the group?I have been given the responsibility to manage Stanley, a solid player, Ryan, who is capable of surprises, Erin, an excellent follower and Kathy, a probably not totally useless enigma. And, well, Jim. Under the right manager, that's not a bad team. Perfectinschlag.Today is the first day of Sabre's new project to develop a chain of retail stores. I am meeting my new boss, Nellie Bertram, head of special projects. Work starts at nine. Sabre HQ is thirty minutes away, driving the speed limit. Giving everyone twenty minutes to shower, plus fifty for Jim to style his hair, twenty for breakfast, forty for Erin to get lost between her room and the lobby, ninety for Ryan to do his morning ecstasy... We're already twenty minutes late.Wake up!Hey, hey, hey, hey! Wake up!  Ow! Why are you sleeping that way?Stanley! Wake up! You've got to wake up, the hotel's on fire!Good morning.Heeeere's Dwi- what the-?  Oh man.Looks like Jim got mixed up with some bad apples.Attention, Dunder Mifflin group. Proceed outside. The vehicle is waiting. Seats have been assigned. Shotgun goes to Ryan. Congratulations, Ryan.I need to make Nellie see me as a leader today. First impressions get locked in forever. When I first met Pam, she said something that slightly rubbed me the wrong way. Since then I've loved working with Pam and she's frankly wonderful, but I hate her.I'll have a bottle of the antacid. Also, I want to get a souvenir for my son, but his mother doesn't acknowledge my paternity. Do you have anything for that? Also, I want it to have a Florida feel.Power.Okay, Twiggy, that's enough. Get in the car.I'm fine, okay? It's just stress. You know, 'cause I care about this project. And frankly the fact that none of you are vomiting or diarrheal right now I find very alarming.Very funny, Jim.I'm gonna set your face on fire.Packer.Uh.You didn't poison me, it's just stress.What is the antidote?I'll do it! I always say, "You want something done right? Ask Dwight." Right? Dwight. Right? Dwight. Right Dwight, right Dwight. Sorry, now you'll never be able to get that out of your head.Mmm!  There we go.What kind of poison did you use?Yeah, I'm gonna need an ambulance. Hold on, I have the address in my phone.  Hold on. Hold on one second. Uh, quick question. Vice president, uh, who is that? There's no name listed.Send it to the frickin' moon, idiot.You talking about hunting? I love hunting. I'm a master hunter.I'm a decent baiter. My cousin Mose, that's a master baiter.Why is everyone else standing up? Okay team, let's get back to work! Break's over!I'll be on top. It's the most important position.Ahh!Everyone stop moving! Everyone stop wiggling! Oh, I feel like I'm gonna vomit!Stop moving!Oh!Arrest Jim. He poisoned me.Don't remember me like this. Remember me as the man who pulled down the screen.Mose, hey, it's Dwight. Listen, yeah, I just want to give you a heads-up.I just got out of surgery. What's going on? Fill me in.Who's doing the presentations?Damn it!Yeah Todd, decent idea. Obvious, but interesting.I'm great. How are you?What's our presentation about?I got the surgery, what else is there to do?No, I don't feel like it. You do a hundred jumping jacks.I want that vice-presidency."You're too slow, you're too small, Seabiscuit is a stupid name." You guys sound just like the enemies of Seabiscuit. I'm going to do it.All right, who's ready for the next presentation?What is our topic? Oh, what a topic it is.Really? Okay. Retail consumer habits is...  Fast forward to today, and the retail consumer is independent, well-informed, super smart. Super smart. Okay.Shopping habits are both seasonal and cyclical. What does this mean?No, sit down. "Seasonal." Well, the Christmas shopping season is certainly a busy one, back-to-school is, as well, and in early summer it seems to slow down a bit, but shopping is also cyclical. The menstrual cycle determines every choice a woman makes. You see, during ovulation, a woman's only goal is to get pregnant, and during menses, she is sad that she has failed. And how does the woman console herself? Shopping. Shopping. Just- Jim, could you fetch me some ice chips? Thank you. Just gonna... take a... brief pause at this point.  Oh, God. Next slide.Anderson's three pillars of retail. Crucial. So important. Next. Are there any questions?Ingredients.Burgers.Killing royalty. The truth be told, we should really disregard Anderson's three pillars. He was later diagnosed with dementia. You know what is important? Is Dwight's pillars, and there is only one: desire. Do we have a desire to dominate the retail space? Not just succeed in it, but to dominate, and looking around this room I'm not so sure that we do, but we can get there, and I can lead us there, and that is all that matters.Thank you very much. Any other questions? Jim?Oops. That's embarrassing. Egg on my face.  Ah.Amazing. Just lost four ounces of appendix, already replaced it with muscle.Oh God.You're not paying me to heal, you're paying me to kick ass.That's right.Ah! Not so fast.I'll go ahead and cancel my post-op check-up right now.I had two goals today. The first was to make myself the clear candidate for vice president. I achieved that, no thanks to my appendix. The second was to find a memorable souvenir for Philip. For that, I do have to thank my appendix.Pretty good.That's not what I was going to ask. Gosh, jump to conclusions. Come on, I know, you've got so much on your plate. Right now, you're like 'oh, what's more important? Dwight's question, figure out who's the VP?' Dwight, VP. Dwight, VP. Dwight, VP. Dwight, VP.Can we at least eliminate those that are not in the running? Free them up to focus more completely on the menial. Like stacking or sorting, or-That's a hobby, unless it's for food.Waste of time.That's just a verb.Yes, nice, perfect. Dragging sticks.English peoples' main use today is judging American talent.  They're mean, but they're incisive.Genghis Khan could take 'em both down 'cause he's not afraid to k*ll children ... What? it's true. He- He would- he would eviscerate babies and hang them from poles outside of the villages. (Jim taps Dwight on the shoulder)That's a stupid game. I got a great drinking game. Okay, everyone empty your pockets. Whoever has the most seeds is the king. Whoever has the least buttons is the hunchback.Oh, you get kicked.(takes out bag) 40. Always.Sure. (Hands bag to Cathy)No, they're not transferrable just 'cause I handed 'em to you.Aah!Hey. I see what you're doing. It's futile. the VP position is mine.Well, saddles...  ... sometimes fall off, especially if you don't properly cinch the girth.If anyone's having s*x with Nellie for personal gain, it's me, and I'm not joking at all. If you don't tighten your saddle, you may fall off.Oh please, anyone can tie a knot, the real skill is in untying itYou wanna see a picture of me trapped under a tree?  ...ahhmmm... excuse me... What?! Not now, I'm busy.Wait wait wait wait, bedbugs? Oh no... Freak, I need a favor.I gotta be gone for a few minutes. You make sure that Packer does NOT sleep with Nellie.You really want Packer as your boss?If Jim has bedbugs, that means they're everywhere. I can't risk them coming back to Schrute Farms. Our biggest attraction is our 200 year old mattresses.Where did you see it?We gotta find it before it eggs.Describe it.Could be a bat weevil... Describe its mood. Did it seen sleepy?Fair enough, but after it bit you, did it run away fearful, or did it walk away smug, self-assured?Pshh. That's a bedbug.Everything's a joke.Check your hair!God, oh. So greasy, you should just shave all this.You are clean. Okay... One thing a bedbug thrives on is heat and carbon dioxideYeah.  Cover me!Let the bedbugs bite!We wait.  Come to papa.Nope, I wasn't bitten.Oh, it's plenty warm, and I was farting continuously under the sheet, creating a kind of greenhouse effect.If there were any in here, They would've imbedded themselves in me.No, you're good. Clean bill of health! Besides I gotta get back downstairs. I left Packer alone with Nellie for way too long.No, that's the problem. Packer is trying to bed Nellie for the VP job unless I do it first.Such a chorus girl.Euughh... Pathetic, huh? A real man swallows his vomit when a lady is present... Hey.Okay... Seven, one, one, nine...No, okay.Try again... Ugh, I'm still getting numbers! Seven, one, one... is anyone around here thinking the numbers seven one one? 'Cause please stop, okay?Wait, the numbers!oh...There you go.Seven minutes.Win at all costs, don't respect women. These are the tenets I was brought up with, and they have served me well. But my ancestors never worked in corporate America, and before that, hunters. And before that, time travelers. And before that, me again. At least, that's how the legend goes. The point is they never had to worry about how they got ahead. They just had to put food on the table and not alter the past.Where's the bug?Stand back!It's a compound of chemicals I pulled off the maid's cart!I think I saw it!You can't stay here, this place is a biohazard. If I were you, I'd just bunk with Cathy.Second best Bananas Foster I've ever had.Don't let-shh!Today is the test launch day for the inaugural Sabre store. Brr brr brr BRR  and I, Dwight Schrute, am in charge of the entire operation. If I can prove myself today and the store is a hit with the media and Nellie sees this, the vice presidency is mine.Yes.Yes. Yes.We went over this, ok? Your tiny fingers make the best knots.Loam, magma, mantle, outer core, inner core.Okay. Nellie, thank you. Thank you so much.Today is press day and press is gonna make or break this store. And for a tech company, press can only mean one thing  bloggers. Dossier on bloggers. Bloggers are gross. Bloggers are obese. Bloggers have halitosis. You're gonna love em. Ryan is going to be the main event today. He is the pitchman who is going to give the feisty yet profound speech worthy of a world's fair. Ryan, you ready to do this?Okay.Cathy, you will be the hot girl who talks to bloggers.Packer, you will be the sexual predator who has come to prey on the trendy teenage girls who are obsessed with the Pyramid.Perfect casting, right?Speaking of pimples, let's release the BLOGGERS!Open the gates! There's plenty for everyone. No need to panic. There's plenty for everyone!There's plenty. Don't stampede. No need to stampede, sir.Okay, okay. Hey, hey. It's gonna be fine. It's gonna be fine. There's plenty of Pyramids.Oh, no, no, no. It's good. It's really -- on the Internet, it's a really -- that's a really good, good, thing.Are you trying to sabotage this entire event?You could have pretended to be Chuck. I begged you to pretend to be Chuck, but you chose to be yourself, and you can no longer be Chuck! Surrender the tripack. You know what you have to do.Point it towards the store, idiot!You know what I mean? One of these buttons is -- damn it. Take over.Oh hey, Hey, hey, you guys, you must be lost. Listen. Excuse me, sir. Yeah, the fountain where you can feed the pigeons is out behind the bank. Tell your great-grandson to bring his kid by. Okay. So long. Here we go. Erin! Psst! Come on! The elderly suck the life out of the young. Get them out of here!Cathy, I would like to introduce you to Fatty Gruesome. He is a freelancer for Wired magazine.But you still work for Wired, right?Good! Okay. Flirt away.Okay. I know, I know, champ. Calm down, just listen.You just need to realize that so much rides on this. You have no idea.I'm trying to make him feel important.Um...  Oh, Ryan, you're so smart. You're smarter than Mark Zuckerberg and those Google guys all combined. Hee hee hee.What's a book?Jim, get him a water.Why are you just standing there? Go to a nearby store and get him a yellow or green sports drink!Have you seen Erin?Oh God... Hey no! Where do you think you're going? You've gotta stay for the big presentation we've got this young wiz kid -- Ryan. He's like an even more handsome Bill Gates.It's moments away. Just stay here!How long has he been in the bathroom?Jeez! What's he doing in there?Are there any bloggers around?I had to send him home. As brilliant and creative as he is, he is nothing... compared to this guy!That's right. Will you just give us a second?Jim --Look at me. Look at me! Look... at... this... face. This is not the face of a performer. This is the face of a scary apparition you see before you die. I'm telling you... if you don't do this,  I don't stand a chance. Please, Jim.Oh, my God. O... Kay! Go get into Ryan's costume and check out his notes.Of course there's a costume!  Oh, this is gonna be great. There's nothing like some last-minutes changes to really energize a presentation.Did you pass out in there? What is taking so long?Hurry up. Let me in. I wanna watch you get dressed. Did you find the eyeliner?You are wearing eyeliner, Jim.It's true.Yep.Psst.Okay, okay, I will be the first to admit it. We could have integrated more Chuck into the Presentation.Ha, ha, ha, ha! Yeah!Okay! Come on!Hah! Yah!  Boom!A dart? Are you kidding me? Who would put a poison dart, well, I mean, I don't know that it's poison. I mean, I just have to imagine. God, I'm glad he's OK though. Kinda sounds like he deserved it, opening another man's treasure and all. Wow!Ah!Oh yeah!Don't even care!Well, Jim, I just want to say that we haven't always got along and at times, I've even hated your guts. But... bye, bye. I win.Robert! I'm gonna win, ha ha, I'm the gentleman! Suck it!to the power of two.I told you.You know what? That is a great idea. Cathy, write that down and print it out. It's gonna make some really good toilet paper.What are you doing here? I thought I got rid of you?What, your stylist ran out of 'messy spray'?You want to do something for my own good? Turn around, walk out that door, do not stop 'til you get to Scranton, find my cell phone charger, mail it back to me, and then go hell.Silence.But your face does look like the guy from Operation.Different guy.Showtime.You again? Gosh, I keep throwing you away, you keep flying back here. You're like an Amish return stick.Yes, you may tell me one thing. Wait, you want to borrow money?Jim, come on.Uh-huh.Wait.  He's gonna k*ll the store? And he's gonna fire me?That's two things.Nice try, Jim. Your pranks have never worked in the past and they're not going to work today.You know what? You might want to get to the airport. It's gonna take you a long time to get through security with all those beauty products. Bye.Nothing is gonna stop me. That is the mark of a great man. Unstoppability. Dunder-Mifflin, the farm, Mose, all those things vanish in my rearview mirror. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a date with destiny. And from what I hear, she's a slu- Ah!Help! Help!AlI had to do was think about pie and my salivary glands did the rest.Ah!Oh, god! You... oh! My appendix-My wound hasn't healed yet.Oh, man!Rrrah!I was trying to go-Ok, ok.Then you know what? I'm just gonna have to run right through you.This. Ends. Now.Anything else you need to talk about?Once again, it's show time.My warcraft clan was still on speaking terms.Well this has been fun, Pam. Thanks for calling us all down here.Right here.What?How could Robert transfer Nellie here after the Sabre store debacle? She stinks of failure. The fact that she could show her face around here is an embarrassment. I should know. I'm in an identical situation.I wouldn't let her manage a celery farm.Those who can't farm, farm celery.I refuse to be judged by someone that I do not respect. I lost respect for you in Florida. If it was up to me, you would be in jail forever.What?There's no limit to what I think I deserve.Five percent. No less.Six percent, I know my worth.Money isn't real ever since we got off the gold standard.No, you know what? Nellie's right. That is exactly how it should work. Darryl, this office is mine now.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes.Yes. Yes, sorry too late. I'm here. This is mine. Back off.Ow! Ow, ow, ow. Ow, ow, ow, Ow.Well fought. I accept the outcome.Neither of those looks like any person that has ever existed or been dreamt of in the history of human insanity. That said, the one on the left.Yep.Yes!Okay, okay.Why Jim?Ugh! Ow.Don't listen to Jim. Have you ever seen him play Tetris? "Oh, I think I'll just use this line horizontally. Oh, I had no idea what a gift this line is."I will get the chair in. Watch the Great Schrutini work his magic.Haulin' cube!I wonder if king-sized sheets are called presidential-sized in England. I really should have a Tweeter account.Ooh.I have to see these shoes.Oh!Here's the two of them taking a hike. I'm guessing he's some kind of friend.Here's the two of them kissing at a beach and kissing at the Eiffel Tower. I'm guessing he's some kind of close romantic friend.You read my mind.Hmm. Maybe someone threw a pie in his face. New theory- he's a hated Italian politician.Why not call...That's awful. What kind of restaurant.If it would help you to forget, I could hit you in the brain stem with this candlestick.Okay scram, wizard.You heard me!Nellie let me bobble-ize him. His name is now Captain Mutato.I've written quite a bit of X-Men fan fiction. Captain Mutato is half man, half mermaid. So he can fight crime as a man and make love as a mermaid. Most of my writing involves the latter.Yes?How?Erin, I am so glad that you trusted me. You came to the exact right person for this. No, I have never once experienced anything remotely like that. Never.Okay?Washington Monument.Eiffel Tower.One of Toby's eyes is getting smaller. So there's that. Gabe bragged about having an extra ticket to the air show this weekend and Meredith said she was interested and then Gabe said immediately that his friend might be taking the ticket. So I'll keep you posted on that.Every day I brief Nellie on what's going on in the office. Most of it's irrelevant. But a good informer doesn't judge what's worth passing on.Oh, and Andy lost his masculinity, so congratulations on that.Erin made it clear to me that he was unable to perform sexually last night. By contrast, I went to sleep with an erection so large it was like I was wearing no blanket at all. Wow, I knew you'd win, but you just demolished him! I'm a little bit jealous, actually. Reduced him to a mere ant.It's not just a human problem. Flounders frequently experience impotence, especially when converting from male to female and then back again to male.No, no, no, no, no, It's not me. I'm gonna prove it right here and now.Yeah Jim.You know, my rectal electro-ejaculator is rated for bovine use only but I could let you rent it.You don't like the Beatles?Eleanor Rigby? Paperback writer?I don't want to alarm people, but there is a distinct chance that we are all about to be k*lledThere is a disgruntled ex-employee sitting in his car in the parking lot.That's how workplace tragedies always begin. A middle aged white male "hanging out". Call the cops!I don't even know what kind of weapon he has. Could be a knife, could be a g*n. Could be a series of g*ns all lined up to shoot parallel. I'm going up to the roof.  And I'm gonna bring my gym bag just in case.If you're going to guess the price, you might as well try to be halfway accurate. $180!You guess the price, you win the prize. Have you never been to a Quaker fair before? God!How much do you guys charge for a one full year gym membership? Thank you!It's $475! Like candy from a baby!Yes! Thank you!Oh yes! Yeah!Oh, oh, oh! Yeah! Ha, ha!Thank you very much! All I had to do was look at the prices, idiots! Suck it!Thank you. Wow, I can't tell you what an honor it is to support this thing... And obviously that amount of money is no concern to me whatsoever. But, I want to ask you something: when did it become all about the money. when did it become about the flower arrangements, and the white wine spritser, hmm? and all the dinner rolls. you people should be ashamed of yourselves! How many courses did we have tonight, two? Three maybe, if you choose the pudding? I mean what waste! these tables tarted up like Victorian whores! lets' remember we are all here for the dog society. He's what's important, whatever his name is. Not any of this. So that is going to be my donation to you. Thank you and good night!Protein powder, huh? You cut it with water? Why don't you just take estrogen?  Mwah.Oh, I bet you think it's all about core, huh?Oh, please.Feast on this, Lewis.Oh, thank you.Very funny Jim.I don't need your help.Here, here... Just...Good, we have a deal?Thanks so much Earl.And they said it couldn't be done. Boom!Yeah, and we're not interested in your sour grapes, okay? Jim, tell him where he can stick his grapes.No, Jim, the butt, in his butt.And you are...Lloyd Gross is a fictional salesman we invented to  how do I put this  steal from the company. Embezzle. To commit fraud.Yes.There he is. That's Lloyd.That's true.Wait, no? Are you kidding me? You told me there was a rule. I could've choked so many people by now.Chair, lamp, plant, table leg, Jim's leg.Okay, what are you deciding? We get a say.Don't listen to him.Nope.Prestige is ours. Okay, they're responsible for half of the junk mail on the eastern seaboard. We get them. We already put a call into them, Robert.Make a decision.Jim, you know what would be really dastardly? If we snuck out of here and got to the client first.Damn it!Wha  what is this supposed to be?Jim, great real. This is not a monkey. It's got a hula skirt and a blue nose.What?It's him! Do something! Get out!Go slash his tires! Go dent his hood.  That's it? Oh, that's great. That's like a five second delay.Come on, let's go! Does this thing have turbo? Nitrous? Hit the nos.Yeah.Hit the nos.Yes.Got it. Go.Ready? Go! Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.Yeah.  Oh.Go, go! Take the stairs! Now!Just run! Take the stairs!I'll stall him. Go!I'm gonna activate the seismic failsafe. We'll be stuck between floors for hours.  My pants fell down.My pants fell down! I don't have a belt!Hello, sir. Good day. Dwight K. Schrute. Dunder Mifflin, Scranton. Forgive my pants, they fell down. An appointment with Mr. Ramish, please. Right now is fine. No, no, no, I was here first. Dwight K. Schrute. Dunder Mifflin, Scranton.Well I was here first.I already made an appointment... with your secretary.Wait, it's not D.M Utica, is it?Me too. Or do you also have a monopoly on thirst?No. Let him get his own. It's Syracuse money.Jim couldn't land me in a thousand years.Shut up.What?How have we never talked about this before? Wait. You don't even care about nationals.He's searching out younger gays....with you.You okay, Robert?Put some ice on it.I wanted to give a nice gift to the tenants in the building. At first I thought, "muffin basket." Then I thought, "What's even more precious to people than muffins?"...their own children.Hey everybody, just a few hours left for the free family portrait studio. Darryl. We'd love to see little Jada come by. Angela? Why don't you bring by your little angel?Jim, you've got those two cute kids. We sure would love to see them.Damn it, Jim!Great, right up there.Up here.Jim, right here, right here.  Okay, good.That's it.Cute kids, thanks for coming.Well, well, well. Senator Lipton, welcome. Angela.Nice to see you. May I hold him?Okay, hold on for a second, folks. A few of the baby's hairs are out of place.Really?Okay, here we go. Oh, you know what? I don't want to throw a wrench in the works, but I want everything to be perfect and the baby's fingernails are just bothering me-Okay, great. Suit yourself. Although, are those excess skin cells on the baby's cheek distracting to you as well?He defecated, aw.Is this what you were looking for? Huh? Huh?Operation Phoenix is a go. Just get the car ready.Hello.They're testing it now.Seventy-two hours.Yes.How was my summer? It was pretty mixed. I invented a new power drink made out of beet runoff. Mmm, mmm! So that's really good. But I got some disappointing medical news.I don't see it.Yes, yes I am.In a way it's like I have a son. And who knows? Maybe someday they'll hire someone who looks like a younger version of him. And then I'll have a grandson.Good boy, getting big and strong. Snack foods!Ah, humor. I have it too. I have a couple tickets to the slayer concert 10 months from now. You interested?Well, we're both just kinda learning as we go, aren't we?Just how this going to be, you know? You have a beautiful round head.So what kind of farming you into, huh? You more of a fruit man or a root man?Spoken like a true root man.My calls?You want a list of my clients? You want my leads?OkWith my leads and stuff like that?Cause you're interested in going into sales?Wow, that's great. That's great. Ok, good, let's talk about that, ok?You're not getting my clients! Nice try.Paranoid? I'm not familiar with the word. And I really don't have time to learn new words right now, ok? A pudgy 22-year-old is trying to take my job.Jim, get ready for the battle of your life.The new guys. Dwight Jr is after my job. Yeah. There is a shark hiding inside that adorable little cherub.Wait, saleswhat sales meeting?The new guys called a sales meeting?There's no belt above black. Is there a belt above black?Boo, unimpressed. It's a tightrope for babies. Boo!Ok, I am just getting started, ok?That's not true. Just give me another chance.What?This is a stupid activity. I would be embarrassed to be good at it.  Idiots.Slack lining, please. Untie that rope, give it to a couple of pig-tailed school girls, let them start jumping with it while chanting a rhyme and giggling about boys. Doesn't seem so macho now, does it? It's a jump rope!Pam? Hey come up here, up the ladder. Come on.Come here, I'll show you.Do you see how the trapeze completely surrounds the wire? That means it's literally impossible for anyone to fall off. So you will merely sit below and be my counterweight as I pedal across the parking lot to that telephone pole.You will. Yeah we weigh about the same, wouldn't you say?So you'll do it?Come on, this will be the only thrill of your boring life.Come on.No, Pam.Please? Please, Pam?I can't use Phyllis. Are you kidding me? The moment she steps off this bar I'll be launched into space. God, you're so insensitive.Ok. Oh, god.Attention, employees of Dunder Mifflin. Everyone thinks the new guys are so cool cause they can slack line. Boo. Hey Clark, this is what a areal salesman looks like. They say that you only live once and I'm about to prove it. Dwight Schrute!Woo!  Ahh!!I will not be participating as there is no evidence that charity works.No thank you.Fine, I chose the Global Relief Foundation.Which was recently discovered to be a front for the Taliban.Yeah. The Taliban in Afa-ghanistan.Well, it looks like there won't be any Operation Give Back. Ha, ha. The nanny state is over, ladies and gentlemen. You're welcome.Anything else would be inconsistent.Absolutely, I will.I feared Nellie had some sort of a plan but she used a ridiculous font. Huh.  You don't have a plan.What the?Gimme that.You're insane.Oh, and let your precious Operation Power Grab proceed unchecked? No thank you.This cleaver appears to need sharpening. I suggest you spend some quality time together just you and your hand. Tie a shoe, toss a salad. Do any of the two hand activities that you'll miss the most.Sounds like a plan.This is it. Any questions?No. It's gonna be over before you know it.Heh! Ha!Ha!  This is for real this time.No, no. No spoilers. Please.No.Oh god.Yeah.Yes.If you like James Franco, we really should watch Rise of the Planet of the Apes.Whoopty doo. That doesn't make you a genius.Yeah, it does, actually. It makes you real stupid.No, like you.You're the stupid one.You're the stupid one.You, you, you, you...Who are you?You're not Jim. Jim's not AsianAlright then Jim. Ahhh, why don't you tell me about that sale that you made yesterday?How did you know? No! No, no! That is sensitive information only for employees, not outsiders!You don't work here! You're not Jim!I don't know who you are, but you are not Jim. This is Jim!Oh my! Oh d! Oh, how did?  Huhhhhh!Ah, French. It's a great language. If you're a chain-smoking acrobat.You wanna learn a really impressive second language? Try dothraki. Win over any man in my guild.Dothraki is the native tongue of the nomadic war-mongering horse lords of Essos as featured in the superb Home Box Office series, Game of Thrones. It has a lot of nudity. Which I fast-forward through to get to the chopped-off heads.I could teach you if you want. It's a lot easier than French.Atherozar!It means "excellent". And we have begun.I throat-rip.You throat-rip.He/she/it throat rips.More of a, barbaric growl.Louder! You're shouting it from the back of a horse!Daraas!Daraas!  Does anyone here have fermented mare's milk?People laughed at Klingon at first, and now you can major in it.Was a member of the Bund. Which is not technically the same thing as the n*zi* party. So...Oh. I was joking about that whole Bund thing. Oh ho, the look on your faces! Hahhahahahahah! Hahahahahah!Yeah, Andy.Fail!Oh, god.Nothing! Nothing is going on. Keep moving please.OK, excuse me. I am the landlord. This is between me and the management, no one else. Please.OK, listen. Everything here is up to code.It's a wire people. I'm not buying it a fur coat."Statistical correlations exist between EMF radiation and various health hazards. But mainstream studies are inconclusive!" That means you can't make me do squat.You people don't realize what you're asking. I'd have to rip open the walls. We'd have to shut this place down for a week.What? Come on.I know what Jim is trying to do. He's trying to get big bad Dwight to shell out for a huge repair job while lucky Jimbo gets a paid vacation. Well sorry, lucky Jimbo, I can live very happily in a magnetic field. Most of my childhood heroes got their power that way.Had 'em all my life.No nobbies, no probbies. Nice try Jim.Psh. Keep your snacks on your side, Jim. Idiot.  What the?Some of these kernels have crowned.Andy!So, we will be leaving the office for one whole week.In my contract, it is stipulated that I provide a temporary work space. It will arrive in one hour.Bring it in!Roll into the future with Work Bus. Say goodbye to wasteful buildings. These days a mobile office isn't just for hotshot politicians. Now anyone can rent a work bus.  In this age of belt tightening and less empowered workers, a work bus is how tomorrow gets things done.What can I say? I love justice. You forced me to spend money on needless repairs, and uh now you're locked in a prison bus and your woman drips with beverage.It's not my responsibility to solve your marriage problems by spending my money on gas.No. No! This is a work bus. The wheels are for transporting the work space to and from the work site.Get your foot behind the yellow line.I'm sorry to spoil Jim's fantastic voyage everyone, but we're almost out of gas.That name brand place? Nope forget about it, sorry. The tanks are so big on this thing, five cents a gallon extra, that really adds up.Stop ordering me around, Jim!OK, fine. You win. Jim, you win. We have been battling for a long time, but you know what? You win, cause you are the winner, you are the alpha male, there you go.  Alpha male, go buy your wife a pie. Go buy the whole world a pie.I'm barren, Jim.My trouser hives are void of honey. I had congress with Angela and the child that she bore did not issue from my loins. I thought I would be a father and instead I am a eunuch. Neutered by my own building.You mean you flooded my building with dangerous electromagnetic radiation as a prank?That's genius. That's the best prank you've ever done.Really? How long did it take you and Pam to conceive?What position did you use to conceive?Regular? Or lady on her back? You used lady on her back, didn't you, you freak. Yuck, gross. Never mind, Jim.You know there's a phrase about that in German. Bildenkinder. Used almost exclusively by childless landlords to console themselves. But now? I really understand it.Bildenkinder.When you don't get out of the way! Out of the way!Oh, better than OK.  You know what honey? I'm gonna get you that rhubarb pie.Everybody! Hang on!This year I decided to really get into the spirit of Halloween.It may have been the costliest decision I've ever made.My greased up head went into the pumpkin no problem, but ...I can't get it out. Try again!I mean, I could try destroying the pumpkin...Jim, no. No. No! No!But as Jim and I discovered... No! ... any blow to the pumpkin itself could prove fatal to me.At first I drove myself crazy thinking about the things I should have done differently. I never should have played that joke on Erin. I never should have hollowed out this damn pumpkin in the first place. Then I realized that I was being silly. I mean the pumpkin should rot off of my head in a month or two. Right?What lab did these little clones escape from?Jim. Look I'm eating you.Ha ha. Hey Erin, look, these are Nerds. I'm eating Jims.Must eat more Jims. Oink oink oink oink.Oh no, I'm spilling Jim all over the carpet.Hello little pill. What do you do?Dumatril is licensed to treat anxiety symptoms, such as panic attacks, excessive worrying, and fear. Translation: There's a madman in our midst.Dumatril!Dumatril.This is a pill that I found here in the office. But it's not for worms or eczema like any normal pill. It's not for any disorder of the body.  It's for a disorder of the mind.Okay, this is a pill that combats insanity, okay? Whoever is taking it is not only insane...  They are now off their meds.Why are you trying so hard to bury this thing, huh? What's going on Nellie? Talk to me.I'll get my apprehension kit.Hi Daryl. I'm just here to smear some peanut butter on my forehead.That makes sense to you, right? Or does it sound... crazy?So this makes sense then. Or is it crazy?Is that where the nanobots like to come in?Is that how they like to get in?I don't know. I just don't know.Hey.All right. All right, just ...stay focused on the pill.You think I don't have anxiety? I have anxiety all the time. Every waking moment of my life is sheer torture. I have land disputes I've got to settle and idiot cousins to protect. And ne'er- do- well siblings to take care of. But I don't need some stupid pill to get me through all this.Ah ha! Ha!!! The jig is up, psychopath! Ah yeah! Gotcha!Gotcha! Yeah! Let's see ya get out of this web, huh?What?Oh.I agree. Yes, crap. Continue.Dwight: I want some of those pills.Oh, no. No, no, no. no. They're not for me. They're for my cousin Mose. He's just having a tough time, being wifeless, and a high pressure job and his crazy cousin Mose. Other cousin Mose.Which one? Mose or the real Mose?He says Thank you.I do! I do. I do. I do. I do.The media can make you famous. And do you have any idea how easy it is to sell something when you're famous?  "Uh, yeah wow. 10 reams of 40 pound bond at only $690 after discount? Um, whatever you say, Brad Pitt." It's that easy....In a bitter battle..Hey, hey! Stop questioning my methods, OK? I was chosen for this task for a very good reason.Tricky siskel spat a bit of wicked biscuit....Vroom! Dunder Mifflin. Dunder Mifflin. Good. Sounds-  This is Dwight Shrute.Iris, thank you so much for having me.Iris, let me tell you. David Wallace is the CEO, but he's not hands on.Entirely is the perfect way to describe it, Iris.Yes..?Now then, we were saying. When my workers-gather-That's impossible.OK, how is my voice now?This is gotcha journalism. You know what? They're not gonna gotch me.This is slander, Ms. Black. Slander I say!  I dare you to produce one credible source about this.Thank you Sandra!Do not listen to her! This employee is obviously disgruntled!Get out of here moron!uhhhh....no one.No, everything's fine.That's what I'm saying! No of course not!My resignation? What are you talking about? No! I was just following orders! Listen, the person responsible for this catastrophe is the CEO and chairman, David Wallace!Please sir! Spare him. Please.Ok, everyone. Everyone, hold on! I've got a solution. I know Wallace's phone number, everyone hold, I'll conference him in.David, is that you?Oh, thank god. Oh, thank god. Are you ok? Is everyone ok?Oh, I'm OK. I just want you to know that I believe in you. I really do. And I believe in your ability to make the right choices. I always have, David.You're welcome, sir. But David, listen to me carefully. I'm gonna need you to let the mailman go. Ok?Walk out of the house......with your hands on top of your head, everything is going to be fine. Dunder Mifflin will be in good hands while you're away in prison.Wait a minute, you guys? You heard?Shrute! Shrute!Overall, I'd say my first radio interview went pretty much the way I expected.Well, hi there David Wallace. Why would you ever call me when the manager is out of town?And you didn't call Jim - that seems significant.No, he shouldn't.Okay, David, I want to take you off speaker but... I don't know where I'd put you.The White Pages.The White Pages: Do you want it? No. Do you use it? No. Does it inexplicably show up on your doorstep three times a year? Yes, yes, and yes. There's a reason that we in the paper industry call this thing "the White Whale". Look at all that sweet blubber.I'm gonna need to put you on hold for a second.  Hah! Yah! Woooo! Eat it Jim! Eat it Phyllis! Eat... where's Stanley?Will you run into the bathroom and tell him to eat it?Yeah! Okay.  Hey David, I'm back.So uh, last I remember Tom Peterman was in charge of that account?Her name?Shhh!  Thanks David! Thank you so much for calling me!Good luck to you.That is a damnable lie. I love women.Gy-na' said that?Okay. With pleasure. Get ready to learn a few new tricks, old dog.Hello.May I please speak to your boss?Okay, this isn't working for me, cause no one would ever believe that she would be a boss.I never sit down during sales meetings. I want to appear aggressive and imposing. I am going to sell to you in twelve minutesI will tell her what her needs are and then fill them. So this is going to work out best for you if you just relax and do nothing. And once I'm finished, it's over.I thought it went great.Yes.That's impossible. Listening happens in the ear and in the brain. I mean, some organisms have external hairs that vibrate to indicate auditory stimulation but unfortunately, our external hairs don't vibrate at all.What are you doing?Kind of.I am a person.That's a bit extreme.Okay, I'm a woman.  I'm a woman. Good?Hello.Thank you. I'm so proud of them. I carried each one of them for nine months inside of my torso and then pushed them out of my v*g1n*.Look, I have no problem with women. It's businesswomen and their, their power suits and their shoulder pads. Don't lie about your shoulders!I had a barber once who used to comb my hair gently.Okay, I can do that.He used to fight dogs.Little of this, little of that.Just a little off the top and then a nice combing. Yeah, just comb it.Oh, dear God in heaven.Hey. Your daughter could be a bubble bath model. I could just bite her head off.Listening.Sorry.Okay.Yes, she is. Now, I may not have any instincts with women, but I have an instinct for sales. You keep her occupied. I'll be right back.Jan... You thought I had no more cards left to play. Well I've got one. Man-boy! The Ace of Babes.You're the Quizno's.  Jan, may I introduce to you your own personal Dunder Mifflin liaison, devoted to servicing this account with total client satisfaction. I sensed that Molly wasn't quite meeting your needs -- nothing like, uh, your old assistant... Hunter. Was that his name?Hmm?He's been growing that mustache for weeks. Best he can do... So young.Very good.Oh and uh, Molly... I know it can't be easy working for Jan. Good luck with your feelings.Oh, I got her number. 415-YCL.That's all you need. And when I have curried favor with her, I will let you know.Because you are my friend and you are a woman... And women love gossip. It's like air to you people. Ugh, God.Well, well, well, it's finally happened. Pam has ceased caring.Come on in, the water's fine.I know. That's not why I'm naked. I always work out without my clothes.Oh, I'm sorry, your vigilante privileges ended when you broke up with me. If I'm not in your panties, I don't go vigilantes. Why don't you ask your husband?All right, what are we talking? Surveillance, wire-tapping?Yeah, the less I know, the better. I know just the guy. He was a volunteer sheriff too. Kicked off the force.I can try. I'm gonna use SMS text.Text went through.All we can do is sit and wait.Oh, look at that. Yeah, he's free anytime. Not a problem.Get in the van.Well, this documentary crew has been following our every move for the past nine years, but I don't see them so I think we're good.Does he own a g*n? Show her.Do you have any idea how many g*ns Trevor's had stolen from him?Mm-hmm. Good safe?Wow!You get half now and half upon completion of said job.You can't have someone m*rder*d.What did they do to you, Angela?Oh, Monkey. Oh, I feel for you.Yes. Crazy. Thank you.No! No!Absolutely not. There are a lot of different ways to get revenge. I've had great success by defecating in a paper bag, put it on the porch--No! You're not helping, Trevor!No. Angela! What are you saying?I'm trying, but what you're asking is--Okay. But it's cruel, because a woman with damaged knees can't scrub worth a damn.The target-- it's Oscar, isn't it? He and the senator are gaying each other.Your nostrils tell a different story. They flare like that every time you're engaging in deception. Hello again, naughty nostrils.Well I could understand you wanting to get a stranger's knees whacked. But a co-worker-- Dare I say, a friend?I can't even imagine how painful this must be for you. But the first ones to break your marriage vows were you and me.What do you mean?No! No, no!Oscar? Oscar. Oscar, good. Hey come with me.Come -- come with me.There are a bunch of construction workers in the warehouse without their trousers, drinking diet sodas. You have got to see this. They're extraordinary.There's no time to explain.  Okay, actually, there is time to explain. When Angela found out that you seduced her husband, we hired a guy to break your knee caps.What is wrong with you? There are a million gorgeous guys in the Scranton Wilkes-Barre area, and you choose the man who's the father of her child?Oh, don't lie. I'm trying to save those precious knees you're always bragging about. Now, let's get out of here. He could be right behind us.Aah! Actually, he's right in front of us.No, Trevor, I am not gonna let you. He's a Dunder-Mifflin man. He's my tribe.Disarm!Don't move. And disarm now!No! No, Oscar. He's a friend. He's a friend.No.See ya later, Trevor.I just saved your life. You're welcome!Oscar.You're not stupid. Jazz is stupid.I know. You're gonna be okay, Monkey.I don't like him either. And yet I really like him.Where does gayness come from? And how is it transmitted?Is it called red-vining?We heard it was called red-vining.Where are gay mens' vaginas?What?When two gay men have s*x, how do they know whose pen1s will open up to accept the other person's pen1s?Uh, excuse me. Trying to get work done. Some people don't care about Jim's new sports job in Phila-Whatever.Philadelphia. From the greek phila meaning "Love," and adelph, meaning "Adolf." "the city that loves Adolf." Good luck with your new enterprise and don't wear the blue striped shirt. It makes your neck look like an old mop handle.What about an authentic Pennsylvania Dutch Christmas? Drink some gluhwein, enjoy some hasenpfeffer. Enjoy Christmas with saint Nicolas' rural German companion, Belsnickel.Or, who was it that suggested the authentic Pennsylvania Dutch Christmas? I think it was someone really popular.This is me and my family celebrating Pennsylvania Dutch Christmas in 1982 on the farm. There's me and my brother Jeb breaking the ceremonial pig rib. He doesn't come back for Christmas anymore. The sepia tint is from an app on my phone. This is the same photo, matrix style.Yes! Yeah!  Yeah! Whoo-Hoo!Uh-huh.Uh, Oh.You have never been cooler.And Pennsylvania Dutch Christmas has officially begun.That is gluhwein, otherwise known as glow-wine, also used to sterilize medical instruments. And, interesting factoid, this is the very spoon that guided my soft skull through the birth canal when I was born. Enjoy.Somebody's found the hog maw.What? It's a Pennsylvania Dutch specialty. Hog maw. That's a beauty, isn't it? I don't even want to tell you what it's made of until after you try it.It is stuffed pig stomach. And, after we finish it, we get to break the pig rib.This is austere, Meredith. This is celebrating Christmas for all of the right reasons. The cookies and toys and sweets are mere distractions. I mean, most people don't even know that a candy cane represents a Shepherd's Crook, which I assure you does not taste like peppermint. It tastes like sheep feces.Have you ever tasted a Shepherd's Crook?Excuse me. I have to run to my car to take a dump.Judgment is nigh, for the belsnickel ist I!I am nigh!Every year, my grandfather would dress up as belsnickel at Christmas. He was...okay at it. I am great. You know how they say some people were born to be bad? Well, I was born to be belsnickel.Ooh, belsnickel has traveled from distant lands to discover how all the boys and the girls have been behaving this last year. Whoo hoo HOO hoo hoo!  Ohh...Too much strudel.No, much better--No one fears santa the way they fear belsnickel.Yes, exactly!No.Okay, great. Seriously, you guys? Now you believe in Dwight's traditions, when some democrat looks it up on wikipedia?Oh, come on. We don't blindly stick to every outmoded aspect of our traditions. Come on, get with the spirit of it, you guys.Take a bowl and pass it down.No, these are gift bowls. When you recieve a gift, it will go in the bowl, but the bowls must be returned at the end. They're a set. Now, hold your bowls forward. The belsnickel will decide if you are impish or admirable.No, impish or admirable.I decided earlier.Of course I checked it.I checked it more than once.Impish or admirable.Phyllis Vance! Cheer or fear? Belsnickel is here! I judge your year as...admirable.  There you are.It's a set of rubber gaskets for canning jars.You can't have the bowl! Oscar Martinez, cheer or fear? Belsnickel is here! I judge your yearNo, I'm carrying around the stick in order to look cool. For the kinderIn a head-to-head contest, people prefer belsnickel over santa every time. There aren't as many songs about him, but I attribute that more to rhyming difficulties. My brother and I wrote one once. it was about a fickle pickle salesman who would tickle you for a nickel.Stop giggling.It's a punishment.  Hey, where are you going?But you work tomorrow.But we were gonna break the pig rib.Remember?No matter! Belsnickel cares not about this--off with you!Wait, wait, wait, wait! Don't you want to know your present?Jim Halpert. Cheer or fear? Belsnickel is here!I judge you impish!They're not abandoning the party.Party's over. You quit on Christmas, Christmas quits on you.Everyone thought the food was gross, and that belsnickel was some darkly erotic freak.Jim couldn't even stay till the end of the party.I don't care. Guess how much I care on a scale of one to ten.Damn It!No, thanks. I'll just have another dumatril. Jim taught me this really cool way to take it. You crush it into a powder, and you snort it up your butt.I found it!Oh!  Damn It! Jim got the bigger half.Very impish.What? Lice? Oh my god. Lock the doors, we are on full quarantine.Just lice Pam?Of all of the vermin in God's great green kingdom, lice are the ones I detest the most. My first day of school, I had lice, and no one would play with me. For 15 years, they called me freak and four eyes and sci-fi nerd and girl puncher. All because I had lice when I was 7.Make way, nope, inspect me.Should be. I use lice shampoo every morning.It's a Hazmat suit. That stands for hazaderous materials men's suit wearing. If you rent more than four times a year, it just makes sense to buy. Is there anyone else here that is lice free?  Excellent. Do you have your own hazmat suits?Renters. Ok, I'm gonna need you to gather your belongings, retreat to the warehouse, conduct your business there until the infected have been deloused. Let's get going. I'm gonna stay here and fight. If you don't hear from me by lunch, call me. I might want lunch.Scalp leeches, skull vampires, follicle gypsies, hair lawyers. One thing is clear, it's k*ll or be k*lled!To be burned!I'm not gonna lie. Lye!Let's talk pubes, people.Oh sure, and when you're ready to get serious, come to me to get it done right.Oh God, oh no. No. No. No! No! No! No! No!She's right Pam.Yeah there's a volume knob on that thing.Attention, people of the office. You have exactly 60 secondes to evacutate the bull pen. At that time, I will be tossing this powerful insecticidal grenade, which contains piperonyl butoxide, as well as...Whoa. Hypertoxide has a mild hallucigenic effect, but I don't think it's kicked in yet. I'm gonna count down from ten. Nine, yellow, cold, sad, purple.I had a pretty good day today. Not everything went exactly according to plan, but lice if you are watching, I am ready for you anytime, anywhere.Stone and Son Suit Warehouse recently lost their paper provider. They're a family owned business . Jim and I used to clean up at those. We'd go in pretending to be family  brothers. We did it at a family owned law firm, at a family owned construction company, and a family owned motorcycle store. Jim and Dwight Shrupert. I was the dynamic, likeable winner that was doted upon by Mom. And Jim was the closeted foot fetishist pretending to belong. The client never knew any of that, but I knew.I hope you've been paying your wig storage bills Jimbo, because it's time for another episode of "Handsome and Stinky, paper brothers for hire".Oh, god, this again? You're Stinky.Phyllis, my sister? More like my dead great great grandmother who died of stupidity.Oh, do you really have ears, Phyllis? Like all human beings? We all have ears.  See what you leave me with here, Jim?How is that my problem? Get in your car and drive down here. You can make it in 30 minutes if you drive 240 miles per hour.Mmm. That's a good... question. 300 times...  Yes. Oh, well, thank you Jim. Yes, I am better than you. Thanks for acknowledging that. Okay, bye bye. Love you.There he is!  We are all so proud of you for the small part that you played in landing the white pages. Prouder of me, but...Gosh, you know, I wish I could but, uh... No. Hey, listen, remember how everyone used to call you Dwight Junior and how much you loved that?How would you like to pretend to by my son in order to land a sale?Then looks like we have a deal... SonYou know, you're right! We hadn't even thought of that, had we boy?Guilty!It was his birthday, just turned three. So......But I think that all of your concerns will be answered when you see the brochure that Clark's getting out of my car. He's a good boy, does whatever I say.Oh... really.Well, things between me and Clark are good, but not great. In fact, I will say that they're not even good. Really, they're bad. Like you and your son.What took you so long? Were you loitering out there like a hooligan, smoking a doobie?You're being disrespectful!We don't get along.Terrible!Yes! Genius. Stupid, stupid genius!I bet you have. He knows nothing about what people have heard before, my son.Maybe if you listened a little bit, you'd improve. No wonder women despise you.His last girlfriend was a tr*nsv*stite. I knew it right away. Adam's apple like the prow of a ship, thumbs like a lowland gorilla. Ha, but this one couldn't see it, or didn't wanna see it.Yeah? Like what?That never happened. He's always been a liar. Ever since he was a little kid. He got caught "saving treats" from the kitty litter box.Glistening brown morsels tumbling from every pouch in his trousers.Following the cat around on his knees with his hands cupped beneath its tail, going "please kitty, may I have some more?" You can't make this stuff up!Got cat turd collector written all over him.Do you mind? The men are talking.Us old timers need to stick together. And how better than by signing a contract?Wait, so you're the boss?Yeah, you don't want Italian. You'll look like a mafia don. Next thing you know, you'll be doing life in Rikers Island.That place doesn't exist. It's not a documented island. Ha ha, cartograph much?Actually... You look great. They steered you right. I guess it does make sense buying from a father son team. You know what? I'll take one too.Yes! We did it!And you closed it. The boys are back in town.  High fives! Ha ha!You got me!  I used to collect them!Each one is very different, like a snowflake.Gotta clear out these file cabinets people, a lot of these are dead accounts. "Scranton Mimeograph Corp?" I don't think we're doing business with them any time soon. That's odd. A letter from Robert Dunder. "A valuable artifact has come into my possession. I have hidden it until such time as a person of strong intellect may safely recover it. This golden chalice is of immeasurable historical and religious significance." The Holy Grail.Aha! A lightbulb.A lightbulb. Okay. Okay.  Invisible ink."Higher than numbers go." The ceiling above accounting!An "X."Oh."Sedes introiti." Seat of entrance.Let's just forget it. Forget it.Pfft, "Athlead"? Please. They're too lazy to call it Athletes Lead? Jim should just call it "Stumpany," for "Stupid Company."You're working for "Stumpany" too?What?Hey, Halpert, what's the big idea? First you jump ship. Now you're stealing Darryl too. When will it end?You won't stop until you've poached us all.No. I'll be damned if I'm gonna let us lose me.Hey, everybody. Uh, coffee order is going around -- on me. Just sign your name below.You're welcome.This -- uh, what? Double mocha latte, please? You got it. Just sign your name below. Whatever you want.Yeah, we'll see about that.Bust out your complaint files. I need everything you've got on Darryl since he started working for Jim in the last few weeks. Break it down by keyword, okay? "Infuriating, irresponsible"...Okay, I'm gonna need you to print it out.Customer Loyalty. What is it? Can you hold it in your hand? Can you nudge it with your finger? Can you dump it on a woman? No. Why? Because it's an idea. But what does it mean?Not even close. Mr. Romanko has been a client for 20 years. He came in today in a rage. Why? Because of Darryl. Because Darryl was focusing on outside projects and needs to remember his first priority-- the client.No, you're not going anywhere, okay? You are angry, and we are gonna hear you out, all right? Because business is about relationships, and the key to relationships is what, Darryl? L--Loyalty.Thank you.Yes.Yeah.Thank you so much for coming. Darryl and I will be here to serve you for years and years and years and years.  So, should we go call Jim and tell him to go screw himself?It can't be more fun than selling paper and paper products.Are you pretending to be crazy, huh?You looking for fun? It just found you! Woo!  Here we go! Yeah!Yes, we will be delivering a shipment of paper today, but I will also be delivering you a big shipment of fun!Uh, not far at all, but I thought along the way, we could play some sports.Yes. Fast food. I'll take a burger over a gross Philly cheese-steak any day.Not like this.Thank you.Nope.  Oh, yeah! Now that's what working at a paper company's all about!Wait, what you doing? No, I need the k-- We have to go.It's a youtube thing! Let's go. Let's go. Come on, they're coming.It barely even feels like a prank anymore.Ha ha! Yeah, joke's on you buddy! They make you come back and clean it up!What? What was that? Did I just hear you laughing with glee?That's right, a couple of old friends. Ballers only. Must be this cool to ride.Oh, did I? Oh, yes, I did.Wallace is letting me hire a junior sales associate to sit at Jim's desk while he's away in Philly. Finally I'll have someone at my desk clump who gets me. It's like, "Really, Jim? You don't understand the difference between a slaughterhouse and a rendering plant? Uh, remind me not to lend you any dead cows or horses." Wow.Mm-hmm.You know what? You're gonna get your interview, okay? I know that you're going head-to-head against some real superstars, but you got a really good chance.Clark has no chance. I mean, he's up against my buddy Rolf, for God's sake. Guy goes fishing with hand grenades. And Trevor  he'll make you laugh so hard, you'll puke your pants.Big changes coming to the old desk clump. No longer a Pam-Jim alliance against Dwight. Now it is Dwight and a friend axis against Pam.I chose my words very carefully.Hey. Come on, buddy. Let's do this. Sorry, Rolf goes first. You don't compare. When you're with the R-O-L-F, you're literally Rolling on the Laughing Floor.Rolf is my best friend, and he is the man. Cool, calm, and collected 24/7. Just try and rattle Rolf. I dare you. Such a sweet guy.And this chair's gonna be yours. And this desk. Ha!No doy!So I've got your resume here, but it's not telling me everything.Well, I'm the one offering the job.I've worked here for 12 years. I won salesman of the year. I'm an Assistant to the Regional Manager.Wait, wait, wait, no, I mean, if you need to know more, you can call David Wallace. I'm sure he'd give a reference.Well, they can't all be winners. But Trevor's next and he's a real professional. You say, "Jump," and he says, "Oh who?" He loves to jump on people, that Trevor.What makes you think you'd be an effective paper salesman?Well, it's a pretty basic question for a potential paper salesman.All right. Do you see yourself as more of a team player or a self-starter?There were only two options.This is a bus transfer.I can't hire Clark. Yeah, he looks like a Schrute, but he thinks like a Halpert and he acts like a Beesly.Okay, here's one. A customer who ordered enough paper to qualify for a volume discount now wants to return half the stock. You can't rebate the sales price or credit for future purchases because you brokered the deal for a third party.Thank you.Damn it! Perfect answer, again.Think Dwight, think. You have a ream of 16-bond ...And anothNo.It does, but still no.Oh, you think they're my only friends? I've got way more friends than that, and they're all better than the losers who work here.Next up, my cousin Mose. Mose could make a great paper salesman. He's got a natural fear of paper, which would motivate him to get as much of it out of this office as possible. I've got big expectations, Mose-wise.What quality would make you a good sales associate?It says here on your resume that you spent the last 15 years as a sales rep for Dow Chemical.You know we live together, right?And I've never seen you go to work, ever.So why is this on your resume?When I was young, I spent several years at a private school where I was told I would be taught to harness my mutant abilities. Turned out it was a conman copying Charles Xavier's School for Gifted Youngsters from the X-Men comic books. Took me years to figure out that it was a con. Some people never figured it out.This is Dwight Schrute. Who am I speaking to? And don't lie. I can tell if you're lying.David.Really? That's interesting. Cause I was thinking that since Jim is only here part time, he might not be as invested in the decision-making process as someone like me who's here every day. And frankly, killing it lately.Sounds fair to me, David.No. Why not do it now?I'd love to be in the loop, David.I'd love to invest.I'd like to give you $100 million.I'm not. These people are the best of the best. I find talent an attractive quality in a friend.You know who else was a freak? Spider-man. And he was also a hero.Mandatory paintball. Uh, wolf, please report to the parking lot for mandatory paintball at lunch.Wolf is hilarious. He has executed me over 100 times at point-blank range. Half of em, we were on the same team. Oh my God. How I screamed. Ah, that goof.Sell me this piece of paper. Watch this.I sure do.I will pay you whatever it takes.No, you have lots of other pieces of paper that are just like it. So here, just take my money.Okay. Good. That was great. So. Wow. You're still at the 570 number?Okay. Good, good, good.This isn't gonna work out.Nate is a proven entity, but not without his handicaps; hearing, vision, basic cognition. Trevor is great, but I saw no fire in him today. And this is a guy who loves to start fires. Troy is literally one of a kind. He's a goblin, or a hobbit, or a kobold, which is a type of gremlin. And yet I'm hesitant. Why can't I pull the trigger on any of them?I do that myself now.No, you've been towed by now. They tow after about 45 minutes.Or none of youI wish I could hire all of you.Psst. Jim Jim?  Jim, turn around. Jim, turn around. Jim, turn around.Just act natural.And I was thinking it's only fair that you help make this decision since they'll be sitting at your desk next to your wife.Aah! God, that sucks! Aah! What are you gonna do? I mean, it's your call.I guess I just have higher standards for my work colleagues than for my friends. I just couldn't picture any of them in the old gold and gray.Summer. Winter. Jungle. Formal.Yes. Thank you. Amazed.What? This is such bullcrap!Wow. So much crap. It's just a load of B.C. How could you do this to them?Okay.Okay, this is an outrage. Ugh! You know what? This is Jim Halpert's home address, in case you guys wanna toilet paper his house or whatever.Guys, it wasn't up to me. Rolf, come on. Guys, it wasn't my choice! I would have hired all of you! Gabor, Gabor.Oh, that sounds awesome. Can we wait till I get off work?Okay.They say that everyone outgrows their friends at some point in their lives. Well I just outgrew them all in the span of three hours.Oh, hey, I'll take a coffee.Who, me?Absolutely, I do.Okay, yeah, I know what to do. Okay. Oh, that's great.Aah!Welcome to the club, pig!Aah!You don't have the clearance to call a conference room meeting.You're telling me, David Wallace asked you to call a super secret, classified conference room meeting?Let's go everyone. Super secret, classified conference room meeting, now!Pam, I'll help you.If there's anything I hate worse than art, it's crime.You need my pitchfork?What is it? I have vengeance to exact.Ah, I'm not interested.If I get the deicing gig, it's not gonna be on merit. Not because I played politics.I am handing out pieces of paper. On which, you will draw one human butt. What I do with said drawings, is no one's business but my own.Incorrect. It is my fetish. Oh, also, sign them. My fetish is signed drawings of butts.Yes. Or nipplous breasts. Perhaps.Or melons. Like cantaloups. With the halves are cut off. And then, just the bottom parts...We just need a pretense to talk to him. We could tell him that his mother is dying. That usually works on him.It's all right. It's all right.No. She needs her rest again.You know who the vandal is. Now, I know a lot of these warehouse guys are your friends, but we've got chewing gum.There's no gum. There never was any gum.Oh, your little feelings party didn't work out? Huh? Who won the hugging contest? Oh, let me guess. Everyone tied for first.Wait. Are you saying...Normally, I find Pam to be a comforting, if unarousing, presence around the office. Like a well-watered fern. But, today, she has tapped into this vengeful, violent side. And I'm like, wow, Pam has kind of a good butt.He messed with something that was important to you. We need to mess with something that's important to him.A little eye for an eye action.Go all Hammurabi on this clown.I know just the man for the job.He even looks like a mole.I never want to see you working in the upstairs office again. Do you hear me?Silence. You'll now be working in the warehouse with the untouchables. Now, go make your hands rough with work.Go move some paper!Great. Get the plate number.So we know which truck to van...Yeah. Frank draws a butt on your mural, I'm drawing your mural on Frank's truck's butt. Eye for an eye, mamacita.Let's see yours.This is amazing! Frank! And he's leaving a trail of poops?I saw that. That's great!Good. I'm glad you feel better. This has been a wonderful day. I have to say, I like hanging out with a vengeful b1tch.Ugh! Don't sympathize. You're ruining the mood. Back to work. Draw his pen1s.Come in.Andy, hi. I just made another huge sale for the company that you manage. I need you to authorize that expense report and sign off on that contract.I would be happy to. It would be my pleasure, Mr. Schrute. Rick-a-dick-doo, rick-a-dick-dick-dick, rick-a-dick-doo.I really like Andy these days. He's pretend and he does exactly as I tell him to. All that will change when real Andy comes back tomorrow.  Unless he comes back as pretend Dwight. In which case, we're in for an epic, confusing showdown.I have yet another sales order for you to sign.Why thank you Mr. Schrute. I don't know how you do it. You're a god. Rick-a-dick-dick-doo.You're back.  And you're disgusting.Hey, Burning Man, if it's not selling out too much, you might want to throw on a tie. David Wallace is gonna be here in an hour.No. Please. Come on, Clark. Wallace knows that he's been gone for the last three months.  Right? Wallace does know that you've been gone for the last three months?Thank you.Yes!Yeah!You were on a boat.On a boat.In the ocean.I'm not gonna say it.Not a word.No!  What do you think you're doing?Don't you dare! Andy!Coolio.Coolio. Coolio.Coolio.No, Jan! Please do not listen to this boob! Remember Clark. He gave you everything. Everything.Please Ja, Ja...Two seconds of the turd dog and he loses the biggest sale this branch has ever seen.God! I just don't know what we'd do. I mean, short of telling David Wallace that he was gone for three months.I'd like to rat out Andy. Unfortunately, I have a bit of a boy-who-cried-wolf dynamic with David Wallace. Except, instead of a boy, I'm a man. And instead of a wolf, I cried genetically-engineered monster wolf.Fine! The state he's in, Wallace will take one look at him and probably fire him anyway.Well, we had the Scranton White Pages.... lit the whole thing on fire. It was crazy.Yeah.The whole thing is in ashes. Fire department was here. It was in all the papers.No, don't just let her eat the grass, she'll puke it right up. OK, just put out two bowls and see which feed she prefers. I'm sorry to be taking up so much of your precious time, Mose, but she's your aunt too. Fine. I'll see what I can do.I need you.And you should take breaks more often, I've been waiting there for 45 minutes.It's my aunt Shirley, she's on her last legs.You have no idea. I mean her hair, clothes, it's all falling off in great big clumps. And we need someone to go out there and clean her up. We had a nurse, but she quit because she was "poisoned" by Aunt Shirley.Probably nothing, or strychnine. Or lemonade and strychnine. Which is actually what it was.Thank you.Angela. You owe me one, remember? Now please, she's an old woman Angela. She needs a woman's touch. It's all hanging out-And there's parts of her I don't even recognize.There's this one hanging part in particular, that's some sort of flap.It's like a prehensile wing or something, you know?It's a divet.....where it was and it needs, it needs a...How dare you?Aunt Shirley, Hello! It's me Dwight.This is Angela, and we brought you some new clothes!OKYou know what? Before you put the new clothes on, Angela's gonna get you cleaned up a little bit.Ok, Aunt Shirley, dear, uh, can I get you a nice crisp liter of schnapps?Ok.Yeah, trust me.It keeps her docile. Go to the kitchen, get the largest receptacle you can find.In her prime, Shirles could put away homemade schnapps morning noon and night.Now all it takes is half a liter. She's dreaming. Alright, let's get her out to the yard so you can spray her down.No, it's a lot better than it sounds. There's a private shower area. Very tasteful, very rustic.It's hosing time Aunt Shirley, have a seat. You're gonna have a hard time hearing her over the roar of the hose.You'll see. Here we go.Let's do it! Ready? Here's a box cutter to get her clothes off.Let's get to it.Give it a whirl.I need you to hose my aunt.OK you are useless.Give me the hose!Ahh! OK!Yes ma'am.And you look like one too. Thank you Angela.By all means. And I will carve the roast skunk. Angela?Would you like the stink sack?No, you don't eat it. It's a toy, like a wish bone. You know, prettiest girl gets the stink sack.Ok. Well, gosh. Thank you for your help today. Your perspective was very useful. Thank you.Right. Not outside. The horseflies. You know what? My farm is only a few acres East of here. Or, we could use the slaughterhouse.Leave him. He probably won't even notice that you're gone. Be with me, Monkey.I'm not talking about some frisky romp in the warehouse. We have wasted too much of our lives ignoring the fact that we belong together. The eighty or ninety years that I have left in this life...I want to spend with you.Stand by your man. It's what I would want if you were mine.Hold it!I am dressed according to the Schrute codes of mourning. My aunt Shirley has died.I would say that she raised me, but let's not kid each other. I raised myself. She was, however, the closest thing I had to a mother.My actual mother was very cold and distant. I'd say she was the closest thing I had to an aunt.Keep them.In keeping with Schrute custom, I will either invite you to Saturday's funeral by sprinkling red, fertile dirt in your face. Or, I will ask you to keep a respectful distance during my time of grief, with a dusting of black, slightly acidic soil.Excuse me?OK. That's not...I really hope so.I miss her so much.You know?Zeke.Are you going?Get in the sidecar. Get in the sidecar.Get...What are you doing here?Oh, yeah.Jeb, my brother.Uh-huh.Doesn't matter. It's a cemetery.Well, the only thing we're planting here is dead bodies.Well, thank god they're not because we don't want to make zombies.You had black hair and then gray hair.You were late. So, what am I supposed to do?Henry.I see Esther's back in town.Hi Esther. Nice of you to come today.Well, if you can snap two chicken necks with a single motion, why use two motions to slaughter those chickens.OK.So, let's get it going.We Schrutes don't need some Harvard doctor to tell us who's alive and who's dead. But, there was an unlucky streak of burying some heavy sleepers. And, when grave robbers discovered some scratch marks on the inside of some of the coffins, we decided to make sure that our dead were completely dead. Out of kindness.Thank you.I can't stand the fact that Jeb is a pot farmer. He could've grown anything. Anything in the world. He used to talk about growing a peanut-grape hybrid. One plant, one sandwhich.Let's do this. Let's run Aunt Shirley's farm. I'm in. Boom.Of course you are.Oh my god.You know what? Let's take a couple of nights and stay here and think about Aunt Shirley's offer.You will say 'yes' on one. Five, four, three, two, get ready to say 'yes', one. Yes.OK.Oui.People underestimate the power of nostalgia. If baseball can use it to get people to care about that worthless sport, then I can use it to get my siblings to care about the farm. Nostalgia is truly one of the great human weaknesses. Second only to the neck.Yes, very. You really need to stand back because these are killer chickens.Which is fine. And, you learned something. But, it was kind of a stupid question so you're gonna get made fun of a little bit.If you want.This? No. That'd be cool, though. It's for milking.Did you just ask me if this was a cow?Come here. Come on. Grab a teat with each hand. Sit down. There you go. Squeeze from top to bottom. Really pull. Use some muscle. Draw the milk out. All right. Going all right?Well, is the udder hot? Is the milk clumpy?OK, you suck at this. Give me those teats. Didn't your father teach you anything?It.  That kid doesn't put in some farm time, he's gonna stay like that.Seriously. Ugh. Ok, this is unacceptable. It's officially a hostile work environment.Phyllis is m*st*rb*t*ng. In the office right now as we speak.OK, you are useless. I'll take care of this.It's OK guys, she's no longer horny.Clark, I need your advice. I'm having some lady troubles.Esther Ruger.Lives on the neighboring farm. 85 acres.Well, we've been out three times, there has been physicality but the thing is we were hanging out with her father the other night looking at a farm catalog, next thing I know he wants to lease a tractor with me.What do you think?A long term tractor lease is going to put pressure on a relationship.Esther's on her way up. I wonder if she wants a snack. Let's see, I know she likes apples and carrots.Did I tell you about her teeth?Ah, the Ruger family. Welcome.Yes. Esther, you look radiant as always.Mr. Ruger, are you trying to take advantage of me because I'm interested in your daughter? Fifty fifty split or no deal.Ok ok ok, wait! You win.Security deposit. That's been-Right, standard.No.No.I am closing a deal on a tractor with the father of a woman I plan to inseminate.What? Don't you cap that pen. Do not cap that pen! Do not! Ugh! You capped it. Wow. You are serious. Ok, you've got two minutes and then the cap comes off.Go on.No.What? Has the warranty expired on the auger you have now?No woman would ever want a man who doesn't know what an auger is.I just need a moment to consider your offer. Excuse me.Maybe you're right. Esther's a ten and the best I've ever done is Angela who's a nine and she rejected me.Who needs a new tractor anyway? Maybe we're the kinda guys who end up with a tractor that's already been rode hard and put away muddy.By hand.I don't know that there's anything left for us to talk about, Esther.No.That snake!That shady grove out by Willard's pond.So, you're fine with me not leasing the tractor? I mean, our courtship can proceed?No!Post hole digging.Well, the alert was already set to "Red" because of Stairmageddon. You think I should set it to "Double Red"?What does Josh McAuliffe know about the paper business? He works for a news...thing.Well, I did say it would be an inconvenience. You should have called me from downstairs. We could've met in the lobby. It's time to go out on a sale! Here we go.The buyer is your sister's friend. This is the printing paper for the entire school district of Lackawanna. You are coming, and that's an order.Andy I need to talk to you.Stanley is refusing to go out on a sales call.So what I'm hearing you say is, "Make Stanley go out on the sales call by whatever means possible"?Mm-hmm. Good luck.For five years I've held my instincts in check because I wanted to be made manager. Maybe it's time for me to just let that thought go. It's kind of painful, but it's also freeing in a way. Now it's all about my instincts.Stanley, one way or another, you are gonna come with me to make this sale.Don't worry, it's just a bull tranquilizer. Nothing to be alarmed about. It's just a man pointing a bull tranquilizer at a coworker.It's all right. Andy approved it.Okay, this dosage was meant for a very small bull, and Stanley's got way more body fat than they do.Shh. Got about 45 minutes to get him to the client before he comes to.  Let's go!Move it! One, two, three.He's like a manatee. Ready? Let's go again. Come on. We can do this. One, two, three!  Oh, God. No wonder my elevator cables are under such strain.Yes.Okay, we're good. We're good. Let's go. Push!I might see a movie.What about you?Let's take himLet's go right to the top of the stairs, okay?Okay, listen. I'm kind of embarrassed to admit this, but I've never actually done this before.Thank you. I mean, I've rehearsed it in my head like 1,000 times, but, uh...I know. Evel Knievel.Okay, now here's the plan. I'm gonna launch him. I need you to go to the bottom and catch him.Yeah.You use your hands and just blunt his descent, okay? He's gonna be moving slowly. It's onlyIt's 15 feet down, it's at a 45-degree angle. Get set in your haunches, it's like your catching a medicineOkay. Good call. He would have put a hole in your chest same as he put a hole in that wall.You okay?Almost there. Almost there.  Okay. We're running late. Let's get him inside.Are you kidding me? The bubble wrap is the only thing that's stopping his suit from getting wrinkled. These meetings are all about presentation.Thank you.Let's get him inside.Well, I'll grab the forelegs, and you push his hindquarters.Fine, let's go.Hoist his shank on three.It's by the tenderloin.Roll him, roll him, roll him. Good. Good. Okay, careful, he's slouching. Okay, can yousl-slouch him into the seat.Got it?Get in the back.Get in the back.Get in.Okay, Stanley? Do you understand what we're about to do?Oh, God, this is bad. Looks like we've got no choice. You, my friend, are going to have to be Stanley Hudson.New plan, okay? We get him a cup of coffee and we go back to the old plan. Let's go! Gimme a hand. Here we go. Come on, Stanley! Here we go. Upsie-doozie. There we go. Okay, all right. Come on, big guy. You can walk, right? Yeah. What a pretty smile. Let's go.And foroh, whoopsie daisy.He's fine. He gets carsick really easily.It's a long drive. He was in the backseat. But right now we're talking to Mrs. Davis about the full range of the products that we offer and our competitive rates, right, Stanley?Stanley.Look at him. I've never seen such a beautiful child.Like this? Watch.Right? Come on!Yeah, maybe I'll never be manager, but I just managed to get our most stubborn salesman to close a sale with one of our biggest clients, and I must say, it's the most pleasant I've ever seen Stanley. I think we should consider injecting him with bull tranquilizer on a daily basis.You earned yourself a nice, fat commission and you didn't even know it. I'll go tell Andy the good news. Oh.  Silly me. Gotta take the stairs.Wellno, nonWe need a winch and a hoist.Yesterday was the first round of a branch wide paper airplane contest. It was being sponsored by Weyer-Hammer Paper in an effort to get us to sell more of their new product Airstream Deluxe A4, the Cadillac of paper. It's not so easy on the environment, if you know what I mean.  Practically made of plastic.I'm pumped!I offered myself to Angela and she turned me down. If she changes her mind, the next move is hers. I'm with Esther now. She's younger than Angela, sturdier, more comfortable with the scent of a manured field. Let's be honest. When it came to manured fields, Angela was at best indifferent.Hey, that is a really nice plane. You make that yourself?Well, what am I thinking? Of course you made that yourself. Cause it's in the rules that you have to fold your own plane.I call for a refold!It's a piece of paper. You fold it into an airplane.Whoo!Come on Clark!Whoa!Watch and learn.Yes!Oh, Esther.What are you-  You're here early.I like a little feather in my nuggets.Yes. I pity her. She was recently in a situation where she could have had it all, and instead she lost everything.In a way. But not in a stand up and cheer kind of way, like the song.Whoo! Ok.After you.Alright.Attention, everyone. May I have your attention? There are four new deadly weapons in this office.  Basher, Thrasher, Crasher andSmasher? No, where'd you get that? Fireball. This morning after hours of combat with some of the city's best teenagers I earned my black belt in Goju Ryu martial arts.I had to find a new dojo after sensei Ira and I parted ways. My new sensei, sensei Billy, thought I had more than enough training to take the test. Turns out, sensei Ira was a bit of a shyster. Sensei Billy says most students don't spend $150,000 over 20 years to get their black belt.I would like to invite you all to my black belt ceremony, right here in the office at lunch, lunch not provided.Ah!  That's how it's done.He will now perform the ceremonial changing of the belts!Take my belt, master. I now submit to you every part of myself.Just slip it off mySlip it off my hips.He will now perform the ceremonial cutting-off-of-the-belt.There it is.We did it, we did it. I love you.Thanks. I will now perform my final kata forms. You're gonna watch me right?Sensei, you're not watching.Watching?Watch this part, okay?You did not just say that! You don't know Pam. She is really cool.Yeah, I did. But I made too many mistakes. It's out of my reach now. Besides, I think Jim would be a fine manager. I'd be happy to see Jim as manager.You wanna get rid of a headache, you sit on something sharp. Any sensei will tell you that.Thank you. So I saw you talking to Wallace earlier. Is he going to offer you the manager's job?Yeah, right. I'm afraid that ship has sailed.Hello.Big day for you.Thank you.Oh, yes.This is exciting! You're finally gonna get to go out and flap your wings.Oh, I doubt you'll make it. Very few do who've tried to be a star. But, listen, you've saved up enough money to take a couple of years off to pursue your dream and have some fun, right?Andy, I have nothing to gain from getting you to stay, and everything to gain from you leaving. But please, I have known you for years, I have seen you perform. Dear god, don't quit your day job.You're bad.Say it again.Where?What branch?I'm sorry. I've just waited for this moment my entire life. I mean, I was interim manager once, but then I shot that g*n.But this isn't interim manager. No. It's Dwight K. Schrute...  Manager.In case Michael or Andy ever got k*lled in a traffic accident and there was a trade show on the same day. You will not regret this decision, David.I will never, ever let you down.David. Can I just do one thing while you're making this announcement and then I'll never, ever do it again?It's just one thing. Just let melet me do thisJust wait and send it to voicemail.Come on. Come on.Pam.Thank you, Jim.Get out of Jim's seat.You're an annex kid. You might be bullpen, we'll see. Give it a couple of years. Scram.So...I wanted to offer you a new position.Assistant regional manager.Jim.Shake on it? Done. Way to negotiate, idiot.So, all the numbers adding up?Thank you.Yes, it is. Carry on.You okay?Yesterday I was just your average, ordinary paper salesman with a farm and a bunch of pipe dreams about beet fuel. Today, I leave here a regional manager with a black belt. It really is amazing how your life can change in one day.Last week I finally became permanent manager of Dunder Mifflin Scranton. My first project: increase security. I got these doors from a jewelry store that had recently gone out of business. Now they're protecting America's real treasure, paper. Every morning I email the day's security codes. Something that's been really missing from my life has been writing secret codes. It's not the KGB, but it's a start.But the coffee in Peru is far hotter.This is Tuesday, right? The coffee in Paraguay is far hotter?The coffee in Paraguay is colder?Ah, much, ok.No, no. Give me the steam.It's just harmless steam to panic intruders. I'd like to get harmful steam, but the prices are absurd.Break protocol! Break protocol! Break protocol!Oh, don't worry. They'll get got.Manager of Dunder Mifflin? Check. Owner of a 1600-acre beet farm? Check. Engaged to be married to an actual milkmaid? Check... on that later today. This is my grandmother's ring. It was made from a bullet I took out of her left buttock. She was a moonshiner shot by Adolph Coors. This is my grandmother's buttock bullet ring.You know what to do.  OkBehind every great regional manager is a great assistant to the regional manager, and I have chosen one of the best.Once upon a time we were natural enemies, but we've overcome our differences. Much like Germany and Italy in World WarGood call. Together we run a no-nonsense office.Welcome.Please take an agenda item.Have a seat, Phyllis. There we go. As you know, I like to begin each day with an inspirational quote. "Some say the only failure there is is the failure to try."  That is wrong. Failure of any kind is failure. Jim, over to you.What is going on?Ok. Um, new agenda item. Phillip will be joining us in the office today.I'm letting you all off half an hour early to view the documentary. So you can make it up to me by working an extra half an hour tomorrow, or a minute extra for the rest of the month.Not now! Private time!Hey, hey! Seriously?Which is, of course...Yes, good abbreviating, Jim. That saved some time. Now, hurry up, shut the door. Break it down for me.The power source.A loyal, but bungling apostle.Someone to whisper in the ear of the consigliore.I'd have to get some more wire and string, but it's doable. Do you think any of them out there are capable?I like the sound of that. Who do you have in mind?That doesn't sound crazy, Jim. That's the sanest thing I've ever heard.That means ye, Plop!We owe Andy that much. Am I right people?You'll always have the upper hand, when you've got a good a-arm. Trademark pending.Wow, the honor. God, I envy them.You don't need to repeat right now, when I'm saying it.Not even close, Meredith. Come on!Wait, no, no, no, stop. Spouses can read each other's minds. You're trying to give your wife this job.No, no, no, no! You don't read it aloud like that! God! Besides, the whole thing is a trick question. There's no Turkish ambassador to Armenia. The two countries don't have diplomatic relations.A thousand times more.No, no, no! Phyllis, seriously?Augh! Ah! Here you are, sir! Here's your coffee! Ah, my skin, ow, ow! It burns! Ah!I know.Jim, this is gonna come as no surprise but I know exactly what you are going to say. The only possible assistant to my assistant-Me.Yes!  Thank you.Okay, from now on, anyone who needs to speak to me has got to go through me first, all right?Smart baby. That's the most flavorful bond.Oink the pigs, that is very important.The way that boy looks at the Galactica is precisely the way I look at the Galactica. And he eats the same kind of paper I do. Hmm.Thank you, Esther.I need you to perform a test.On an innocent baby.Damn straight.Hey, he can handle it.Hey, you want me to take the little diaper blaster? Pam can attest, there's no one better at getting brats to shut their yaps.Okay.  You ever been in a manager's office before?Phillip, you wanna play a little game? It's called "Schrute or Consequences." You're gonna choose one of these two things. A check for a million dollars, or this dirty old beet. Yuck, pew! Which will it be? Money or the beet?Yeah. Any ordinary child would have taken the money, but you're no ordinary child are you? No. I can tell by your gorgeous, widely-set eyes.That is because this baby is of superior intelligence. He can tell when he's being tricked out of the experience of a real human breast.Door. Chair. It's about Phillip.I believe that boy may be a Schrute. And if he is, that child needs to be accorded what is his. An enormous farm, an inheritance, and the right to be raised under rigorous Schrute traditions. You will, of course, be compensated with a marriage proposal.Then the two of you would move to my 1,600-acre estate, which, let's face it, is a big step up from living in a gay man's closet.Very well.Yes.Jim! I need my assistant to the regional manager. Code red.Now.Jim. I'm not kidding. I need you.I was thinking of proposing to Esther today.She's got a ton of great qualities. She's young, she's beautiful, genes so pure you could lick them. Her family admires me, my family tolerates hers. A lot of them are the same people because we're third cousins, which is great for bloodlines and isn't technically incest.Plus her dowry contains a walk-in freezer full of frozen, premium cattle sperm.And did I mention that she weaves? Colorful, durable blankets and rugs! It all adds up.Angela.Some sort of virus?Oh.You're a good assistant, Jim.That's very true. Get the hell outta here.Pull over!Move to the side of the road!Pull over!Shut up, woman!Listen to me! I love you! And I don't care that Phillip's not my son. I will raise 100 children with 100 of your lovers if it means that I can be with you!This expresses how loudly I love you.This is a ring, taken from the buttocks of my grandmother, put there by the gangster patriarch of the Coors dynasty, melted in a foundry run by Mennonites.I love you!What?What? Why would you say thatGet out! I'm a dad!The documentary series finished airing ages ago. Why is PBS sending another crew?pff, Nobody buys DVDs anymore.PBS. The propaganda wing of Bill and Melinda Gates and viewers like you.In the past year, I have consolidated the entire Scranton paper market. We regained the white pages, the school district, Lackawanna county. We supply them all. I'm getting married tomorrow afternoon, and in the morning, there's a mini-reunion. A kind of a "where are they now" panel at a local theatre. It'll be nice to see everyone again.  I haven't seen Kevin since we let him go.Today marks several important milestones. Stanley, as you know, is retiring.No! And our next and most thickly frosted cake is...for...Kevin.Go ahead and just read the frosting.Uh-huh.It's a colloquial way of saying "you're fired," Kevin, which you are.The cake has spoken Pam. Sorry.Well if anyone here can make a case for Kevin staying.Based...on his merit.Toby, wait. Wait. Hold that thought. Here's your cake.  Bye, bye Toby.That is all. Have a good morning.What was that for?Ah. I know. It just feels so empty with so many of the old gang gone.Oh, and the old man to feed us the cheese that he's been fermenting since the day of my birth. You keep forgetting about him.I brought in some new faces, and one old. I always like Devon. I hired him back after Creed faked his own death in the baler the day after the doc aired. The only person he fooled was Kevin. Then the police showed up. Turns out, Creed was in the band "The Grass Roots" in the 1960's. During that time, the police say he sold drugs and trafficked in endangered species meat and stole weapons-grade LSD from the military.Oh hey, Jim. I forgot to mention. Oftentimes, in Hollywood portrayals of bachelor parties, there are accidental murders. That won't be necessary tonight.Ever since Angela moved in and Mose had to stop sleeping at the foot of my bed, he's been acting pretty weird about this whole wedding thing.What? Ooh!I thought you guys couldn't come.Uh, better ask Jim.Wait, why are we stopping? Jim, this isn't on the itinerary.Jim...wha... Come on! What...what are you gonna whack me, Jim?A bazooka. You remembered.. Get out of my way.Woo! Okay!Amazing.Man, how long have we been sitting here?Oh, Thank God. We are famished!No, we haven't ordered anything. No one's even taken our drinks. Uh, what is the chef special?Oh, we do. So we'll have an onion loaf for the table, please. And tell us about your heartiest soups.Yes, an onion loaf for the table but that's not all. Now the chef special sounded good. What is it exactly?Okay, what are you doing? Are you giving me a taste of the chef's special? Tastes like cigarettes. That won't work. That's no good.Now, for the last time, I'd like a side salad with balsamic.You're telling me!What for? We haven't even gotten bread yet. Does anyone wanna split a twice baked potato?  Do you have those? Those aren't deep fried, right?Oh, man, never thought I'd say this but I think I ate too much bone marrow.Good old Mose.Oh, great. He's getting into the spirit of the festivities. Fantastic. He just pulled off a Braut Entfuhrung.A ceremonial bridal kidnapping. He will take the bride and hide her at a local pub and when I find the place, I have to buy everyone drinks. Ah, all right! Oh Mose.Right. Which one is that?Yes, it is! I am here for my bride!Very well! Drinks on me! Bartender!  Oh.I heard you bought a bar, Kevin.You? You did this as a prank. My own Bestich Mensch.Waste of a good hatchet.I heard you say "well" the first time.It was nothing personal. It's just that you were terrible at your job.No really. You were terrible at math and organization, time management, personal hygiene. Your internet searches were so filthy we had to throw our your computer.That's it.I missed you Kevin.Ohh.You've had your drink. Now where is my bride?Mose! What..ooh, Mose.No. We can't see each other on our wedding day. And her legs are still numb from being in the trunk.With today's modern surveillance technology we are in a constant state of being watched weather it's our government or the government of other countries a.k.a. Google. You guys are being filmed way more than we ever were.Oh, no. What?Oh, come on. I've never heard of such a thing.Not... significant is a big word...I think you're only a teeny...Jim.Michael. I can't believe you came.Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for coming. Now, please take your hay bales to the reception. They'll be used for seating. Complimentary hay hooks are placed alone the aisles. Just stab em on in there.Everybody!Good night.Good evening.Hey guys.Aww, J, P and D. The Three Amigos. Ah, it warms my heart. Hey, what do you say, when I get back from out honeymoon, the three of us have a conference room meeting just for fun?  What is that meaningful look?No, don't say it. You're fired! You're both fired!Don't be an idiot. It's for the severance. The best I can do one month for every year you've been here. That's the max.Woah. Right. For what, the art? The music? The incredible nightlife? No thank you. But if you're ever in the area, you'll always have a place to stay...in my barn.Do I get along with my co-workers? Well, first of all, I don't have co-workers anymore, I have subordinates. So... have I gotten along with my subordinates? Let's see. My supplier relations rep, Meredith Palmer, is the only person I know who knows how to properly head bang to Motorhead. Oscar Martinez, my accountant, is now godfather to my son. Angela Schrute, my former accountant is now my wife. My top salesman, Jim Halpert was best man at my wedding and office administrator Pamela Beesley Halpert is my best friend. So...yes. I'd say I have gotten along with my subordinates.